A woman is playing flute
Draw advantages from; take advantage.
save or relieve from an experience or action.
A man is playing a guitar
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate, Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
Two women with dogs are walking on a forest path
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
A man and a boy are standing at the bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth
Two large persons are standing near a park bench and they have nothing between them
A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.
The boy is playing in the sand.
starting page of a website
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
A dog is jumping in the snow.
A man is diving off a rock
There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN, he said.
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
The piano is being played by a man
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
A tiger cub is making a sound
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
learn by reading books.
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
A waterfall is flowing out of a shallow pool
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
forcefully request
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
the role of the head of a government department.
A golden dog is running through a field of tall grass
Two dogs running in the dirt.
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
have a great affection, liking, or desire for
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
Dirt bikers are riding on a trail
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
The bicyclist is speeding on a city street
The woman is holding a white jacket and a red glass in front of the man wearing a t-shirt
A greyhound jumps over a chain.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone.
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
A man in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note
Some kittens are eating
the amount by which something decreases.
One bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
The young girl with a shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on the grass
Black and brown table in living room setting.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
A boy is jumping off the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
(cause to) separate or move in different directions
A person is taking a cat down from the ceiling
It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
A girl playing on a parachute.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).
A girl is waking up
A dog is eating a doll
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
A young child is watering a plant with splashes
There is no child sitting in a red and yellow toy car
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
The helmeted girl is riding a bike
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
Two dogs playing on carpet.
An octopus is being sliced by a woman
Three boys are jumping in the leaves
One panda is climbing
A dog swims in the water.
The woman is not picking up a baby kangaroo
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
Two dogs running on grass.
The man is talking about the telephone
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
the act of providing a subsidy.
Two girls are sitting on the ground
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
A dog with a golden coat is swimming clumsily through the water
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
A skateboarder sliding on a rail.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
A great dog is wildly climbing a steep hill
A brown dog is running through the grass panting.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
the activity of examining or assessing something
A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
A woman is cutting potatoes
But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.
A man and two women are standing in a bright room by a table with candles
the system of production and distribution and consumption.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
cause a sharp or stinging pain to
A man with a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.
The brown horse is near a red barrel at the rodeo
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
A fearful little boy is on a climbing wall
The orange rider is not driving a motorcycle on one wheel
The soccer player is kicking the ball between somebody's legs
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
A schoolgirl with a black bag is on a crowded train
A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
react verbally.
a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
put or set into, between or among
Nobody is holding a hedgehog
The men are not talking
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast
People are walking outside the building that has several murals on it
A woman is cutting broccoli
the act of examining resemblances.
A young boy is riding a bike.
A kid is playing with a toy dog
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
the selection of a lottery winner
People are riding two camels on the sand
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on the grass
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into the air
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
A dog in in a car.
Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach
obtain data from magnetic tapes.
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at the front of the class
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
Little girl jumping in water puddle
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
A man is talking to the woman who is seated beside him and is driving a car
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
The person is slicing the potato
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
A group of people are walking
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun
destruction of a ship
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
the act of raising something.
the act of spending or disbursing money.
There is no man opening a box with a knife
The doctors are not reviving a man
the primary component of a communication
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
A girl is making a flute which is not to be played
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.
A white dog is running on sand.
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement
Two dogs running through the grass.
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
The dogs are running through the water
Two boys and a man are playing games at an arcade
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
Two men are holding fishing poles
Two brown dogs are playing with the frisbee in the water
A man is riding a motorcycle through the town
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
mean or intend to express or convey.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
A dog is caught mid air with a ball
There is no boy walking across a bridge
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass
A dog jumps through water.
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
the act of reducing the amount or number.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot
An animated airplane is landing
a reference line used to align lettering
A man is cutting a fish
A boy is sitting on the ground
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters
a fast rate or occurrence of something
Dogs are racing on a track
A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
A group of boys in a yard is playing and a man is standing in the background
The man is doing a magic trick
to compel or deter by or as if by threats.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
a white dog is running through the snow.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
A black dog is attacking a brown dog on the sand
A large white animal is jumping up in the snow
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.
A black and brown cat is eyeing a fly
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
A little girl is looking at a woman in costume
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other
the act of entering a structure
time to come
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
A man with a camera is studying the subject
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
A kid in orange is playing outside with a snowball
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.
A person is chopping an onion
One man is turning off the microwave
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
The football is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
A man is eating a pizza
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
cast off, get rid of something
A boy in a striped shirt is playing in front of a water fountain
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
The man is standing outdoor and the boy is falling over the bottom of the stairs
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at day
The dog is not knocking the boy into the water
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
the ability to recall past occurrences.
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
cause to be balanced or suspended.
A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
become engaged or intermeshed with one another.
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry
a straightaway section of a racetrack.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
become due for repayment.
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
A crowd of people is far from the water
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
A computer on a desk.
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.
A skateboarder in the city.
Nobody is playing with a toad
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle.
A bearded man is sitting by a shopping cart and is dropping a cardboard sign
Small office space with bright green walls.
make or become more acute or intense
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
an implement consisting of a length of wood.
move or establish in a new location.
A man is drawing
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
An old man is sitting in a field
A cat is eating corn on the cob
The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
have or exploit a monopoly of.
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.
Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
A black dog walking beside a pool.
The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
A baby is playing a guitar
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Two dogs running through tall grass.
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair
go back to a previous state.
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
A sports team poses on the field.
club or association of people with a shared interest
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for a photo
A woman is peeling food
Five birds stand on the snow.
Four black dogs run across the grass.
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside
Two blokes are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
a supplementary part or accessory.
two dogs play in the grass.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
leave out, omit, prevent from entering
There is no girl in pink twirling a ribbon
stain with a dirty substance
A frog is being handled by the woman
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
The man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
A black and white dog runs through the water.
deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
A woman is putting away a potato
The kitten is playing with a toy
the act of attaching or affixing something.
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photo
Two dogs running on the beach.
A man with a hard hat is dancing
The man in the purple hat isn't operating a camera that makes videos
To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
class of students taught together
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
be or have a quality of being
Understand the meaning of something.
A person with a back pack, who is topless, is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
the act of pulling an object
The dog is running through deep snow.
A steak is being rinsed with water by a person
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars
The guitar is being played by a girl
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw
There is no woman playing with two young boys at a park
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people
There is no man playing a harp
A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
There is no man tying a shoe
sell or transport an item or idea abroad
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
Nobody is riding the bicycle on one wheel
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
A playing device is amusing a cat
There is no woman in a yellow shirt surfing on a pink surfboard
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.
A man is crouching and holding a camera
A black dog is running in snow.
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
cause to be firmly attached.
A woman is placing a bowl with a crack near an egg
(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
A brown dog and a red dog are frolicking on the beach
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
reshow a play or broadcast
emit a steady even light without flames.
piece (something old) with a new part.
have a logical result
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
The dogs are running in the snow.
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
A woman is turning her back from the view of a city
A subway train pulling into the station.
One cat is playing with a watermelon
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
cause to go into a solution.
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape
destroy a ship.
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
A dog is standing on the side of a mountain
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
The men are not putting suitcases into the trunk of a car 
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
A man is leading the race
A woman is being measured by another woman
the act of  damaging something, causing breakage
the act of retaining something.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
Literally cause to become unable to see.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
a man sits on a rock.
drag loosely along a surface, trail
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object
Two people are playing ping pong
serve as a means of expressing something.
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
A dog is opening a can of food
Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping on a masonry pyramid
A dirty dogs runs through the woods.
A horse is being ridden in a creek by a man
A pencil is being sharpened
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
utter words loudly and forcefully.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).
Child sliding in the snow.
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
A grey dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field
It is raining on a walking man
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
A squirrel is running around in circles
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
Increase the acoustic volume of.
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
One man in a big city is holding up a sign and begging for money
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
A black dog walks through some water.
Two men are racing in the water.
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
an itemized statement of money owed
A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the floor
A dig is trekking through snow.
act of moving or conveying something
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar
the act of rubbing a surface
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
oppose with equal weight or force
reproduce or make an exact copy of.
to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
A cute panda is not lying down
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
A man and a woman are idling in a city street
There is no man mixing vegetables in a pot
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette.
the act of substituting one thing for another
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest in the dark
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the countryâ€™s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
A few men are playing cricket
A black and orange bird is not standing in the grass
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
put heels on a shoe
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
the state of being more than full.
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
Two dogs and two people are walking in a wood
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
to incline or bend from a vertical position.
A man is dancing on the ceiling
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible
mold for casting, setting concrete
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
A man in a blue jumpsuit is failing to perform a wheelie on a motorcycle
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
Some horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping an obstacle
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
the management of someone or something.
The cows feed in the trough.
A young boy is jumping into water
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
elevated wooden porch of a house
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.
A large brown cat is jumping over a red hurdle
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
the act of making or enacting laws.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
A woman is cooking fish
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.
A woman is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
A black person is running along a white stand and a dog barks behind him
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element
There is no dog riding a skateboard
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
income collected as tax by a government
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
A boy plays baseball.
The man is operating a stenograph
social sphere, scope of activity or interest
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
A dog is biting a black frisbee
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
A backpack standing beside a train.
The cop is not sitting on a police bike
physical force that draws objects together
A man is mixing a few ingredients in a bowl
shoot down birds
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
A small animal is singing
make something more diverse or varied
A tattooed man is on a sofa and is holding a pencil
There is no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
the act of changing one thing or position for another.
Two people are riding a bike
A man is holding a mask in his raised hand
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city
make a sharp sound.
A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
A black helmet is being worn by a man who is pushing a bicycle
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks
A woman is cutting a carrot
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
a small, indefinite portion of something
Someone is taking the okra out of a pot
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
get rid of.
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
A swan is flying through a body of water.
the action of putting something into operation.
There is no woman firing a rifle
decide upon or fix definitely/specify
A woman is tapping her fingers
A girl in white is dancing
a channel of social communication
A lady is being kissed by a man
Create a coating for something.
cause to make a snapping sound.
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
The milk is being drunk by a cat
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
There is no black and white dog jumping for a ball
acknowledge a contribution or cause
The skillet is being oiled by a woman who is pouring some water
The man is playing the piano with his nose
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a signboard 
a project or undertaking
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
the trade of a funeral director.
A brown dog is running on grass.
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with bare hands
a computer on the floor.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
A large duck is perching over a rocky stream
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
Two brown dogs running together on sand
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
House with a red door.
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
The chef is carefully drying the oil from the pan
The lady is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
There is no motorcyclist on a bike leaning into a sharp corner
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
Small children are climbing a statue in a park
The tan dog is not watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
A yellow kayak is being ridden by a man and a young boy
A man is laying a cover over a wild horse that is falling on the track
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a half pipe
Some women are sitting together near woven walls
A man is chopping down a tree with an axe
make thick or thicker.
the act of perpetrating a crime
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
A skateboarder uses a ramp.
A group of children is not playing tambourines
There is no person kicking a soccer ball between somebody's feet
A young man is running away from the fishing line
A small dog is chasing a large brown cow
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
the act of creating written works.
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
A man walks two dogs in the city.
The man is riding a horse by a stream
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
A man with no shirt is holding a football
A snowboarder is jumping through the air
the act of designating a role to someone
There is a guy cheerfully playing with a footbag
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the dry sand
The people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok
The white dog is running in the shallow water.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
move from one place to another.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
There is no man mowing grass
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
A man performs a skateboard trick.
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
A person is folding a sheet
A man and woman are talking
A dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching
A green bike parked outside a book store.
A man is not playing a flute
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
There is no woman cutting a vegetable
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
A little boy with a bib is not watching the camera
The man in a hat suited for cowboys is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
a flock of sheep or goats
A brown puppy is gnawing a wooden post that is stuck into the ground
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
gain points in a game.
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history, Bush said.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
interfere with someone else's activity
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
A man blowing a large bubble.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless
A greyish dog running in the snow.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over wall full of graffiti
A light brown dog is running in the water.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are outside
Two girls are lying on the ground
continue a certain state, condition, or activity.
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
The person is quickly slicing a vegetable
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
A dog is running towards a ball
A skateboarder doing a jump.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a grassy field
Five people are standing in the grass with no dogs
travel across or pass over.
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running
Two dogs run through grass.
A man is shaking a drink
(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.
A small white dog running
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
A man is playing two keyboards
A cat is jumping into a box
A girl, who is little, is playing a grand piano on stage
make keen; give (new) life or energy to
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree
A dog is rolling from side to side
A person is playing a piano
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick
attack as if with claws.
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
give equal rights to; of women and minorities.
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
The Jockeys are racing horses on the field, which is completely green
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a light room
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
The woman is picking up the kangaroo
emit or cause to emit noise
But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, he said.
make hard or harder.
fail to do something; leave something undone.
The runners are racing around a track
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in the street
the act of mixing together.
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
the termination of a meeting.
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
A man is picking a can
A man is walking in a city street
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
sway to and fro.
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
The dog is chasing the ball
A person is cutting some mushrooms
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
rehearse, learn by repetition
make amorous or sexual advances toward
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
turning or twisting around (in place).
A dog is standing in the sand.
A brown dog wades in the water.
A man is playing a harp
A cat is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
A boy swings on a jungle gym.
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him.
A black and white dog is jumping for a ball
The person is standing on white ice
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
A man is having fun with water
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
No dog is emerging from a lake
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
location sheltered from the wind
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
A dog running across the sand
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
The man is not feeding the snake with a mouse
the act of devoting time and energy to something
lift and reset in another soil or situation.
The dog is jumping in the air.
A person is chopping down a tree with an axe
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
A boy is playing an instrument
A child is slowly waking up
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
A bird with it's wings spread
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is walking on the tennis court
make out of components (in an improvising manner)
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A woman is drying eggs
The elephant is being ridden by the woman
A man is doing a card trick
Three men are jumping off a tall wall
strike with horror or terror.
The man is putting away the bread
A white woman is standing on a woman dressed in blue on a stage
a fourth part of a year; three months.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat slowly
A monkey is practicing martial arts
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
A man is firing a shotgun
The man and woman are walking
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air.
The woman is not chopping garlic
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.
A surfer on a wave.
A young man is talking to a leaf
two cold people stand near a pole.
A white dog walking in the snow.
A man is slicing potatoes
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
A person is not holding a skunk
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
A group of people in a large Asian restaurant is eating
The band isn't singing
cause to become widely known.
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
A person is pouring cooking oil into a pot
be relevant or pertinent
The girl isn't jumping onto the car recklessly
A dog in the yard is running across colored coats
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
A child, who is young, is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers
give, dedicate, pledge
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and holding a pencil
Potatoes are being sliced by a woman
Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.
A dog laying in the snow.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
head of a country
the act of moving, turning something
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree
a creased or bent form
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a masonry pyramid
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
A woman is being massaged by a man
secrete or form water
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
A woman is playing the keyboard and a man is dancing
Nobody is folding a piece of paper
to combat or oppose someone or something
A man is slicing a carrot with a knife
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside a building in the snow
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
create code, write a computer program.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
a set of pieces of creative work for showing
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
A group of people having their picture taken.
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
A few men are dancing
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
A person is holding a skunk
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
People on motorbikes in a city street.
Give an incentive or reason for action.
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
A young girl in a bikini is sitting on the beach
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
There is no monkey wading through a marsh
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by a woman
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is very small
A dog is swimming after a tennis ball
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future
A child walking in the snow.
Tofu isn't being sliced by a woman
A man is being stopped on a rope bridge
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
Two brown dogs run through the grass.
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
put a new heel on.
the condition of being motivated.
A football is being held by a man with no shirt
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
destroy the peace or tranquility of.
An Arabic man isn't wearing a white hat
A dog is running in a field.
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues
an exclusive, privileged group of people
the last section of a communication.
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
A dog in a car.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
hunt or shoot snipe.
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
concrete enactment of an idea or concept
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
A man is seeking a sign and is holding some money
The boy is speedily riding a tricycle
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
The woman is slicing herbs
A woman is arranging her hair
A black dog jumps through the water.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
A girl sitting in a living chair.
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
The dog is being walked by the woman
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
A man is lumping dough
A little girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
A small boy playing in the snow.
The European Union is basically absent, said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
cause to become violent or angry.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and riding a unicycle in the street
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
A group is not riding the current in a raft
A large boat in the water at the marina.
A man in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball in a brown field
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
A brown dog is staring attentively at a brown and white dog
Additionally, the h2210â€™s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
alter by chemical means, to make images.
the act of forming or establishing something.
a black dog runs across the snow.
A very retro living room with a television in it.
A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
fluctuate, move back and forth
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.
examine minutely.
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing
The horse is being ridden by the girl
There is no large dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet
A man is getting off the car
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
duplicate, match
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
A small dog is lying on the bed
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
Two men are competing in a tire rolling race
The silver train is parked in a station.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
to cause to separate and go in different directions.
There is no rope being climbed by a man
The man is erasing the drawing on the board
A person is slicing some onions
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
Let's show we won't let them off, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
The person is peeling an onion
a small dog steps onto a log.
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
A group of sheep in a field.
The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail
The person is riding a jetski in the waves
person who is a social companion
(cause to) happen at a later time
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
A woman is rocking over a blanket lying on someone reading a book
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
A black faced sheep.
A jet is not flying
The band is singing 
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
a surfer rides up the wave.
A dog runs through a snowy field.
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
(Cause to) smell bad.
A man in a black hat is reaching for a box
Two boy are playing on a trampoline
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
The little girl is playing at the playground.
Carrots are being grated by a woman
The man is throwing knives at a tree
The play for the ladies requires a guitar
abstain from eating.
Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
feel physical pain.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
ponder, consider, observe carefully
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
cause something to be the case
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.
A climbing boy rescues the fearful cat from over the wall
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
A cat is playing a piano
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a blue ball
set or ask for a certain price.
There is no person throwing a cat at the ceiling
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
a committee appointed to judge a competition.
There are no men sawing
A cat song is being played on a piano
the act of moving from one place to another.
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
The state of being pleased with life.
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
Thereâ€™s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
A man is packing the guitar
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
A man is dancing on the road
A person is putting away the mushrooms
A skier is falling into the snow.
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on a muddy field
Children jumping on a trampoline.
A grey house with a red door.
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in a pool
put in a dangerous position
A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
A young girl in a winter coat is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
The man is playing a guitar
Domestic cat looking out window.
two spotted dogs are running through a field
Dogs in a race.
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming a wheelie done with a motorcycle.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a road
Young boy plays ball on the beach.
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
Red and white plane flying through the air.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track.
A dog, which is small, is playing on the green grass
to act as the host of
the particular portion of space occupied by something.
The lady is peeling the potato
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
a strong current of air.
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
lessen in force or effect.
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air
No dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
Different football players are teaming on a field
exclusive control or possession of something.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
censure severely or angrily.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
Any activity that acquires a person's attention.
A cat is jumping high into the air in the country
A wind instrument is being played by a girl
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
the act of preserving or protecting something
A child, who has blond hair, is holding a yellow bottle
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
A person is eating in a restaurant
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.
a process of development, increase or advancement
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
A dog shakes his head.
I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.
A skateboarder on a ramp.
A woman is slicing carrots
The woman is removing cheese from the sauce
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
A man is talking on the phone
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
The black dog is lying in the grass.
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees
Two dogs in a yard.
move very slightly.
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
A woman is walking with a red bag.
the occupants of a floor.
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
Some men are playing rugby
A football player is running into an official carrying a football
A potato is being sliced by the man
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel
capture, ensnare, discover in the act
This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.
Two young children are on sand.
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
Become widespread as an idea or feeling.
There is no woman playing an electric guitar
A small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
Japanese school girls walk down the street.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
A dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in a field
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
A dog runs through a field.
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.
surround completely.
make or become less strict or severe
move in an irregular course
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
A man is diving into a pool
Two dogs are walking slowly through a park
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk
cause (someone) to undergo something.
cause to assume a condition
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
A man is fishing in the river
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
He said: â€œThey were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
spend time in prison or in a labor camp.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
pronounce with a nasal twang
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
A woman is not frying meat
The deer is not jumping over the fence
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
A white airplane is on a runway.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
the act of removing or getting rid of something.
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
strive against another or others to attain a goal
A woman is cutting shrimps
(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.
evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
There is no boy looking at a calendar
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
feel the need to eat.
a loud resonant repeating noise.
The man is hiking in the woods
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
A dog is not running towards a ball
the act of contacting one thing with another.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
take into one's family.
cause to come into existence; create
laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.
One girl in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other girl in black shorts is jumping off into the water
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
Something is being fried by a woman
Three dogs run through a field.
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
There is no dog licking a baby
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorbike in a field which is mostly barren
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
leave undone or leave out
A train on the train tracks.
regulate or set the time of (a clock)
a rank or position relative to others
show devotion to (a deity).
Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
A man is walking in the rain
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
A bride with a white veil is looking down
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
do over, make new
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
settle or deal with something
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
British term for the luggage compartment in a car.
A man practicing boxing
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
A harp is being played with a hat by a man
assembled group of spectators at a performance
A man is rowing a boat
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
Three dogs running through a field.
Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.
The person is playing the flute
Protect or strengthen with sandbags.
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
There is no woman slicing a carrot
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
a person who delivers information or goods
A black man and his dog on the beach.
Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event
a young girl wearing purple running through water
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles
cause to be alert and energetic.
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore
There is no man wearing a shirt dyed black, sitting at the table and laughing
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
There is no man in a suit standing at a microphone and singing
turn in to get something in exchange
an abundance or profusion of something
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy
make sense of, give meaning to
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
The boy is playing a guitar
an aptitude that may be developed.
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
A group of people in a living room.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.
issue bonds on something
There is no woman dancing near a fire
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around.
A dog is riding a skateboard
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a container
A young boy is playing a guitar
the justification for some act or belief.
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
close within bounds; deprive of freedom
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
an indication of damage.
An official task or undertaking, usually funded
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine
A woman is boiling shrimps
move to and fro.
the act of exploding or bursting.
an established or recognized right.
The men are playing soccer
The person is eating
A young girl riding a brown horse.
It's not zero, said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
A man is eating some food
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.
A bride in a white dress is running
Three children playing in hay
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
A large green ball is hitting a potato
A woman is carefully pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
make or become thick
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
A shirtless woman is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
Small boat going down a creek.
The man is riding a horse by a creek
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
There is no dog running on the beach
the place within which an authority has power
A girl wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
drench periodically with liquid while cooking
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
cause to procreate (animals).
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
A pianist is playing the keyboard
A monkey is kicking a person
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
have need of.
A child rolls around in a large tire.
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
assign a new time and place for an event.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
One man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
Four people eating dessert around a table.
an intuitive understanding of something.
A little girl is running.
the act of expressing approval, support of something
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
An electronic man is held as a device
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
A boy is playing a keyboard
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
be in some specified state or condition.
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
have a strong desire or urge to do something.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
Two boys are laying in the ocean far to the beach
Several swimmers are jumping into the water
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain
Nobody is jumping off a platform
A shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
A cat is thrown at the ceiling by a person
A man is driving a motorbike
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
apply a thin coating of paint/metal
The woman is picking up a baby kangaroo
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
A baby is licking a dog
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
make a tour of a certain place.
raise in rank, character, or status.
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
become due
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
Three dogs playing on grass.
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
Someone is peeling a banana
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
A boy is speeding down a steep slide
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo
A pizza is being eaten by a man
Smiling man with reflective classes.
A little boy is proudly wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of a bowl
the day immediately before today.
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
A man is praying
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
communicate or signal with a flag.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
A man is tying the shoe
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
We think it's great news, said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a friend
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand
A man in a hat is playing a harp
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
A woman is adding ingredients to a big bowl
A woman is eating a cupcake
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing
Three men posing in a tent.
the act of taking possession of or power over something.
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
A dead bird is near a black man sitting on a tree
the physical expanse of the universe
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
The surfer is in the wave.
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
Two men are playing guitar
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
People on an amusement park ride.
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
There is no man playing guitar
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
(cause to) become less clear or indistinct
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
Guitar is being played by two men
Two women are dancing
A boy is running away from the fishing line
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A man is recklessly riding a horse
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike dangerously along a roadway
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
A group of people are not standing around a sound mixing table
One brown and black dog is running through the leaves
cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.
a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.
Two small children are playing with a toy car in the street
The person is practicing the guitar
Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman
People ride up an escalator.
The man is not performing a large jump
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
The woman is not cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
a social system of production, distribution and consumption
A man is eating
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
A woman is not slicing carrots
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.
mock or make fun of playfully.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a t-shirt, which is white
the act of hearing attentively.
We've become like total strangers, Klein quotes him as saying.
draw advantages from.
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servantâ€™s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
The woman is playing with two young boys at a park
There is no football player in a purple jersey running with the ball for a touchdown
A player is running with the ball
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
A girl dances like a man in costume
There is no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot
A white Jeep parked on a street.
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back
The blonde girl with the pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
The content of a bowl is being mixed by a man
A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.
A young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
Blue and black pants are being worn by the motocross rider
A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
The human act of making something new.
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in the distance
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it's mouth.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
A man is making a phone call
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a ball
A little girl is playing a guitar
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
A girl in a band is playing an instrument
A woman is taking a can
The elderly lady is not waiting on the sidewalk
have a strong desire to do something
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
Nobody is sitting in the chairs and watching the ocean
A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
A biker on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
a boundary area or edge of something
The young boys are not posing with a green soccer ball in a park
Mimes are performing on a small stage
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
There are no white dogs running and jumping along a beach
the height of the sea's surface
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
A boy is spanking a woman with a plastic sword
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.
a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
protect or fight for as a champion.
A train is at a train station.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
Two cats are lying together
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
restate (words) from one language into another language.
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
pass through the esophagus
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
rerun a performance of a play, for example.
The lady is slicing a tomato
A man is standing on a train and resting his hand on his lap
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
A brown dog running after a a red ball.
There is no man shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
A woman is preparing a skillet for the eggs
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
Some food is being prepared by a chef
A dog is near a ball colored in red, which is in the air
visual representation sketched by hand
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow jersey and is not defending the goal
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
A person is drawing some figures
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to a brown dog
The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar
A black dog is sitting in the grass and keeping its mouth closed
A small white dog is jumping up in the snow
perform a duty
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
A man is standing on a sidewalk
The blonde girl with the pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
The man is playing a game on a lawn
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
A couple is running towards the ocean
The person is not writing with a pencil
The blue train is at the station.
A big dog and a small dog with a white coat are playing together
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of a red stone monument
either half of an archery bow
A man is moving gracefully
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
Some men are sawing
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees, U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.
Three men are jumping on a wall
Two persons are driving down the street in a jeep
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
The young kids are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
a competitor most likely to win
look furtively.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
take or have a position relative to others.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
the translation of an opus from one language to another
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail.
A boy is running on the beach
a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
A black climber is rocking a dog
There is no woman dancing
remove water from.
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.
There is no man pointing at a car
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
forbid, prohibit
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.
A man walking two dogs down a street.
ascribe or place in association with
combine so as to form a whole; mix.
Several swimmers are dashing into the water
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables
hit a fly.
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement.
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
A white dog on a leash is walking in the water
Two white dogs running in grass.
the process of becoming less or smaller
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something
Rollerbladers are running in formation down a hill
Three brown dogs are in the water.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
A woman with pigtails is climbing a rock wall
Cars driving near a model building.
Two birds interacting in the grass
open again, open anew
Two dogs running through a field.
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A train traveling down the tracks.
A man is standing on the top of a roof and playing a violin
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de EspaÃ±a, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
A golden dog is sitting in a field of tall grass
Someone is not putting ingredients into a wok
work with a tool.
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
The black bird is sitting in a leafless tree
A man is rising from a swamp
work as a tinker or tinkerer.
define; determine essential qualities of
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
persuade somebody to accept something.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
A plane being readied for take-off.
The dog is running into a brown light
The flute is being played by a woman
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
A dog which is furry and black is in a back yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
The panda bear is lying on the logs
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).
A black man is break dancing on the pavement
hold in a tight grasp.
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.
A person is holding up an electronic device
No young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
Two white puppies are playing near a pool
A large black dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
A band is not playing some instruments
Some meat is being stitched together by a woman
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.
a person who is appointed to a job or position.
a train in a station.
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
The writing is about a person penciling
There is no tan skinned child looking at the camera
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
A man is getting into a car
The man on stage is singing into the microphone
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
a computer program that performs system support
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
A white cat looking out of a window.
A dog in a colored coat is running swiftly across the yard
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough, Covello said.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
A boy is wearing sunglasses
the act of physically affixing or connecting things
The cat isn't playing with a watermelon
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
He hasn't got much choice, said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
A man is preparing some dish
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.
The bike rider is not looking at the accident of another bike rider
Two young boys are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
Many cars parked on a mountain.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
Two cubs are playing
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
A man is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
A man in a red uniform is making a jump in a dirt bike race
Two boys are talking on the phone
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
A magic trick is being performed by the magician
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to
someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.
A wooden flute is being played by a man
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
There is no person cutting some ginger
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
free from a burden, evil, or distress.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.
A man in a white hat is playing guitar on stage
Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man
a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.
make believe with the intent to deceive.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
get involved or mixed-up with.
One white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
Close up of a bottle of water.
be in direct physical contact with
A picture is being drawn by a man
A courageous performer is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle over a man in a blue jumpsuit
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
goal or objective
protect with or as if with a shield
A man is standing on a roof
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on a slide
a well-known or notable person.
A person is slicing a piece of bread
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
A little boy with a bib is watching the camera
A black and a white dog are joyfully running on the grass
A man is standing bare-chested beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
The man dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
The dog is running on grass.
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
fail or suffer failure
an approximated amount of something
There is no woman cutting onions
A little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
Some adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge
A dog is barking
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back
(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.
The boys are standing in front of the car, which is burning
get on top of; deal with successfully.
support by placing against something solid or rigid.
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
A deer isn't jumping over the fence
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
consider again, usually with a view to changing
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
There is no chef preparing a meal
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.
The woman is playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
A man is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
A person is standing on a mountain top
A tan dog is playing in the water on the bank of a pond
A dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
The two dogs are running on the grass.
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
A dog jumps on a lawn.
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A man is kicking a soccer ball
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
A woman is chopping onions
shine intensely, as if with heat.
A dog is walking along the snowdrift
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
One man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A surfer is riding the wave
An instance of visual perception.
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
The man is up in the air.
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case, Sax added.
A woman is standing and isn't looking at the waterfall
A women standing next to a brown cow.
an upward slope or incline
A woman is firing a rifle
One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
A person is looking at a bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
A dog rolls on the ground.
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.
The cyclist is performing a trick in the air
The piano player is being a tough man
The man is silent and still
The brown dog is running across the sand.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
A dog in a bucket is biting a tree which is probably a pine
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree.
A boy in a red shirt is behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
People in costumes are sitting in the street
connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
The dog with the brown coat is playing outdoors
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
The man is cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake
A young lady in a bikini is standing on the beach
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing a little brown dog
There is no woman beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A cook is slicing some bell peppers
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and the sun is setting
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer
A white dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
the act of passing something to another person.
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.
A group of people having a drink.
the context or setting in which something takes place
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
A white dog is running across a rocky landscape
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
A podium is where a man is speaking
A dog is playing alone on the shore covered by snow
Old blue and white train on tracks.
The person is writing with a pencil
A baby is playing with a doll
Red double decker bus.
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
A boat in the water.
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
the state of being angry.
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.
The woman is not slicing an onion
A person is playing a trumpet
A bald person is playing a guitar
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
return to in thought or speech
The man is playing the drums
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
A cat is playing with a device
find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize
The girl is carrying a sign and is being followed by a group of people
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is not pulling up
A racer is leaning on a racing motorcycle
A black and white dog is running through grass.
A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.3.500	A 32-count indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
A brown dog running
A piano isn't being played by a man
A girl is playing a guitar
Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.
lower the pitch of (musical notes).
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said.
A man is stopping in the middle of a road
an inherent aptitude or talent
put or introduce into something.
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
support; hold up; nurture or provide for
make a prediction about; tell in advance.
A man on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
There is no dog running on the road
A prey is quickly running behind the cheetah
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.
A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
A dog is fetching a stick out of very dirty water
a sculpture representing a human or animal.
Two blond girls are playing together.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
A brown dog walks in the grass with it's tongue hanging out.
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass.
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.
A machine is sharpening a knife
A girl is getting a tattoo removed from her hand
A girl is applying makeup to her face
Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.
Assign a new time for an event
People standing outside at a carnival.
A dog jumps off the stairs.
A cat looking at the camera.
an approximate definition or example.
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
the act of swallowing liquid
the state of being covered with unclean things.
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
to collect, acquire or gather
The dogs are walking in the desert.
A woman is playing a flute
A girl in orange lights a candle.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
Two dogs play by a tree.
an electronic memory device.
The black and white dog is running in a green yard
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid
There is no man carrying a woman
become or cause to become soft or liquid.
study intensively as if preparing for a test
A man riding a small bicycle.
Some people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
People are sitting at square tables in a red room
A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net
A person is chopping a red onion
A man is singing a song and playing the guitar
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
A women and a dog playing outside
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.
A man practices boxing
hold in a given state or situation
A lemur is licking a person's finger
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete, Barrett said.
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade
A dog is rolling on the ground
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a house made of stone
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow
give a detailed account of
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
a physical difficulty or obstacle
Three men are dancing
The women are singing and dancing
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
start suddenly, as if from fright
A large, gray ball is hitting a running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.
A lady who looks young is lying on the beach
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
A man and a woman are shaking hands
the act of beginning something new.
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.
The cat is looking out the window at the table on the perch
A group of dogs run through the snowy field.
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
relative darkness of a color
But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.
the scent or odor of something
A little girl is playing the violin on a beach
There is no girl jumping into the car
A man is working on the laptop
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.
Two brown dogs barking at each other.
There is no man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding a unicycle down a street
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying tennis ball
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.
A family is watching a little boy who is hitting a baseball
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
The ball is being dunked by a man with a jersey at a basketball game
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.
A crowd of people is near the water
A man is typing on a machine used for stenography
The bearded man is sitting on a train
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
A man is doing a trick on a bike
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.
Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
A man is not cutting a potato
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
A man who is wearing headphones is opening a package 
give out, allow to have
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
Rugby is being played by some men
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
turn from an upright/normal position
A cute panda is lying down
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
A woman is putting on makeup
A lot of people are in an ice skating park
rot; become unfit for consumption
A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
the legal granting or bestowment of rights
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
Two people are walking through some water.
A man is dropping a tree
A tattoo is being drawn by the woman in the white sweater on the hand of a teenager
A woman is shooting at target practice
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
have an argument about something.
glean or gather natural products
A bicycle is being ridden by a man
react to a stimulus or command.
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach
A woman is amalgamating eggs
A man is playing a bamboo flute
heat a metal prior to working it.
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
any large deep body of water.
A boy is tapping his fingernails
A man is driving a car
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
A brown and white dog is biting a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
A man is putting away a carrot
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
A woman and a dog are peacefully sitting on a tree stump
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
A black dog walking through water.
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
A kid is playing guitar
A woman is talking on a telephonic device
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
legally approve or ratify a person for a position
A man and two women in a darkened room are sitting at a table with candles
A person is packing a zucchini
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on a snowboard
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in a strange position
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
The man is handling a gun
the last (12th) month of the year.
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
Two children splashing in the water.
change the inherent purpose or function of something.
A man is jumping into a pool
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
Two people are passionately kissing near a crowd
The man is singing heartily and playing the guitar
Three women are standing still
a process of becoming smaller or shorter.
A young kid is jumping into water
Two young girl are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
a brown dog plays with the hose.
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
an expanse of land
A woman on a boulder is lying on a blanket and reading a book
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
rise to surface; become visible or known
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.
A shirtless man is playing football in a gym
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
Two dogs wrestle in the snow.
be on base at the end of an inning
the act of cracking something.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
Three boys playing soccer.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Two dogs and two people are sitting in the woods
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
A woman is peeling a potato
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
an angular or rounded shape made by folding.
Two cows are fighting in a pasture by a man
Two dogs in the snow
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.
(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears
Remove tree stumps from an area.
A social climber is tying a man to a cliff with a rope
A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
A tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving the starting line
a state of being encircled
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
A man is dropping the guitar
cause to move round and round.
A white dog bounding through snow
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a car
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field
There are no little boys playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass
There is no paper being cut with scissors
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.
A man is doing pull-ups
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it's mouth.
A small monkey is walking in the river
Enclose in a protective covering.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
Two toddlers are eating on a really small wagon full of corndogs 
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
Three people are standing by a bench under some palm trees
burst into flames (telic)
A man with equipment used for climbing is under a vertical, white rock
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
A boy is cutting grass with scissors
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
A rope is being climbed by a man
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow jersey and is defending the goal
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.
Some cheerleaders are taking a break
A tan dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
A brown dog is running through tall green grass
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
A bride with a black veil is looking down
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.
Two men are riding an orange raft on the shore
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
be the culminating event.
make clear and (more) comprehensible.
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher â€” a three-term congressman from Lexington â€” had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
A person is recklessly riding a horse
A man and a woman on a bench.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
Two children are climbing a tree
A man on inline skates is skating at a park built for skating
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
The birds are swimming in the water.
The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person
A person is being kicked by a monkey
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
A man and a woman are walking through a desert area
There is no man cutting tomatoes
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.
There is no man dressed in black and riding a green bike
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
move very fast.
the fashionable elite.
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.
The man in not playing the flute
Two dogs bound across the grass.
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A black and white rally car takes the turn.
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning
A woman is receiving volleyballs
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
separate or cause to separate abruptly.
Three men are jumping off a wall
a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.
There is no man holding a mask in his raised hand
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
A white and brown dog rolls on it's back in the sand.
physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
coerce by violence, fill with terror
The bicyclist is riding on a city street
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
There is no man playing the guitar
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace
pass time in a particular place or way
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A girl is brushing her hair
Two teammates are lifting a football player in a red and white uniform
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
cause to be interested
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
A baby is crying
Turn the paddle or oar.
the state of having one's weight supported
An indicator that orients one generally.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
A woman is showing a dog with very long hair at a dog show
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
two tan dogs play in the grass
There is no dog turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
the state of being connected.
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition
Two girls jump out of swings.
A young climber is making a rock wall for the boys
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
Four dogs run in the grass.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
A boy is playing on a toy
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
A kid is splashing in the ocean
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench
A person is climbing a snowy mountain.
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote.
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
There is no man sharpening a knife
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
Two dogs running in the dirt
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
Germinate, as in a plant.
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
free from obligations or duties.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
the state of taking in or encircling.
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small
A surfer is surfing a big wave
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.
An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
One man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
Some pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.
The guitar is being sold by a lady
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
Three men are staring at the big green hills in the distance
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
A girl is combing the hair of a little pony's tail
the act of dropping something.
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
Eyeshadow is being put on by a woman
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
Nobody is floating on a raft
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
A man is thinking
a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
The man is cutting a paper plate
The person is flying through the air on the bicycle
Red double decker bus with hood up.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.
pass into by penetrating or permeating
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A woman is talking on a telephone
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
Two children are lying in the snow and are drawing angels
make or become brighter or lighter
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a muddy field
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
A woman is putting meat in a pan
The men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks beside a river
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a pyramid
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing.
I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
The dog in the red vest is running in the field
A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
Two green and white trains on tracks.
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
reduce to a simpler molecular compound
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere
A boy is standing in a room by a lamp light
A large man is sitting in a military accessories shop
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
perceive by inhaling through the nose.
request or demand something from someone
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
get or find back; recover
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
Some men are idling
wear away or erode.
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
Two young women shear a sheep.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
a full stop, as a punctuation mark
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
The person is painting
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
the force by which one object attracts another.
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
an obligation to pay or do something.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
lack of agreement or harmony.
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
A cat is playing with a small bottle
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
become less interesting or attractive.
There is no man speaking
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
A man is climbing a rock wall.
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
A long train is on train tracks.
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.
The group of people is not sitting on the ground outside a monument
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
One man is sitting on the chair
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
declare or make unfit or unsuitable
give new life or energy to.
A black cat and a small white and black cat are looking up at a kitchen countertop
A man is throwing away a guitar
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
The panda is not eating bamboo
A man and a child are kayaking through gentle waters
Three children stand on or near a fence.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across a street
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
Two dogs standing in snow.
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
A man is taking the oil out off a skillet
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone
The brown dog is jumping in the air
Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda
A man is laughing
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
A group of people are standing
A biker is naked
A person is wearing a red jacket and carefully holding a beer
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey
Four dogs stand in the snow.
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
four people sitting at a table.
There is no cat playing a keyboard
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.
Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
The lady is measuring the ankle of another woman
There is no little boy wearing a green soccer strip and running on the grass
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at the front of the class
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
be a signal for or a symptom of.
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
A basketball player holding a basketball.
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
A man and a woman are not shaking hands
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
Remove by rubbing
a state of extreme anger.
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
A black and white dog runs through grass.
A woman is cutting a potato
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
Two women are talking
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
The girl is painting a coverall blue
There is no man eating food
bring into a different state.
exercise authoritative control or power over.
Some cats are playing with each other
committee with supervisory powers
A flute is being played by a man
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
make a loud noise, as an animal
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
The kid is happily sliding in the snow
A black dog running through the snow.
reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.
The rhino is grazing on the grass
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and one is kissing the mother
One young boy is climbing a wall made of rock
The men are placing suitcases in the trunk of a car
luggage compartment of a car
a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera
A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on a swing
reach a destination or goal
issue an order.
The man is singing and playing the guitar
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
come or bring back to life, health, existence or use
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
a separate and self-contained entity.
Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it's tongue hanging out.
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
bring to a certain pressure
A man is performing a trick on a green bicycle
A woman is sewing with a machine
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
A man rides a large black motorbike.
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).
idolize/show devotion to
find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.
tell or spread rumors.
The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand
Two dogs playing by the shore.
A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar
A white bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
The snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
Two women in a clothing store.
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench
signal by winking.
move into and stay in a particular position
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
cause to become ice or icy.
The dog is running across the gravel
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass
Cause to move forward with force.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.
Two dogs play in the water.
A few women are holding each other and dancing together
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
A man is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
(cause to) gradually become weak
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, arenâ€™t indigenous to Wisconsin.
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow.
Two kids are taking out a green colored crocodile float from a swimming pool
Two children and an adult are standing next to a tree limb
Two people are talking
There is no person playing a piano
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.
Five adults are sitting on a chair
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on the beach
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.
the act of designating or identifying something.
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring through the bike frame
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
stretch out or over completely
A small boy is sitting in the forest
Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.
A potato is being peeled by a person
emit a brief burst of light.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
A dog jumps high in the snow.
The man is erasing the other man's work from the board
There is no motorcyclist riding a motorbike along a roadway
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into the water
Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on the grass
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
a cause or source of duress, worry
(finally) do something or be somewhere
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
A man who is playing dunks the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
The man is drawing
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
drive forcibly as if by a punch.
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
A woman is not frying some food
be or act in association with.
A topless woman is being covered in mud
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.
A person is listening to a trumpet playing
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a hot day
A woman holding a newspaper.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
Two men on the side of a barge
A group of people is near the sea
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
the face or front of a building.
the force used in pulling.
A football player in a red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
the act or means of getting rid of something.
matter that remains after something has been removed.
fail to attend to.
put into or keep in a stall
the state of being rejected.
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
a written message of nonacceptance
move an implement through.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
create and charge with a task or function.
They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney.
There is no man opening a door
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
two dogs running in grass
One man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
suit to a special purpose.
A dog is sitting by a fence on a dirt track
A child runs through the grass.
A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
The Dalmation is running through the woods.
One man is riding a horse
Nobody is beating an egg
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on the beach
Some paper is being cut
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
The chef is carefully pouring oil in the pan
The act of having and controlling property.
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
A surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water
process or manner of functioning or operating.
Several people are not walking in line across a bridge
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A man in a cap is playing a harp
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
the uppermost area of region of something
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.
move by turning over or rotating.
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).
A dog that has a brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the stars and is walking on the tennis court
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
A light brown dog is sprinting in the water
A couple standing on the curb
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.
A clown is singing
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard.
heat metal prior to working it
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
a restraint that checks the motion of something.
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
A person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks
A little black dog is running on the snow.
People are sitting near a wall
overcome with amazement; flabbergast
A man is punching a soccer ball
exercise or have power of memory
Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.3.000	It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
The cat is playing keyboards
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
The boys are standing and burning a car
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
The man is cleaning the drawing on the board
Cut into, possibly creating something new.
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
The badger isn't burrowing a hole
A man and a woman are jumping on the curb
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game.
The person is playing with a skull
One man is chopping a log with an axe
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
A person is dancing
provide with a new seat.
a specified portion of a whole
Brown dog running on grass.
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
A man is walking outside
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.
Two dogs playing in the water.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden
A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass
Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).
Ask for and get something for free.
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.
make more common, uniform or general
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
Two men are not holding fishing poles
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
a black dog runs through the dry grass.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
the state of being active.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
A man is tying a thick rope
The cats are not playing with each other
a quantity of money added to a bank account
There is no woman placing skewers onto a rack
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
the act or capability of seeing
A young child is lying down on a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
A boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
write all the required information onto a form.
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
A laughing man is dyeing a shirt black on the table which you cannot sit at 
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge.
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
determine the essential quality of.
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
A boy is spanking a man with a toy weapon
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp.
There is no man reading the email
originate or come into being.
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Three hikers are standing on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
A man is uninterestedly holding a sign and is seeking money
A man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
The monkey is practicing martial arts
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
There is no lady holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on the sandy beach
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
The priest is walking down the aisle to marry a couple
A man is working on the computer
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
the verbal act of offering.
A football game is being watched by the crowd
The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, one politician said.
A monkey is brushing the dog
The issue has been resolved, Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
A cook is coating a pork chop
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into a bowl
A man is slowly trekking in the woods
provide with power and authority.
set into opposition or rivalry.
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.
A dog standing in the water.
A child playing in water.
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball
There is no clown singing
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
the act of terminating a life.
A young boy falls off his bike.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair
Three Asian kids are dancing and a man is looking
A dog is barking at a ball
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
attract; cause to be enamored.
the event of something burning (often destructive).
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
One man is playing the guitar
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
Two children are not playing in the surf
give pleasure to or be pleasing to.
A sheep standing near her children.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
the act of making up your mind about something.
The boy is studying a calendar
A train is running on the tracks.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
Two dogs running on the shore.
A man is phoning
There is no one typing
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
One person pours oil on a few tomatoes
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
A man is planting a tree
An officer is listening to the recruits
place limits on (extent or access).
(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.
gear or develop something to a particular purpose
There is no man writing a note near a bike
A man on a motorcycle is riding on one wheel
A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
an accounting period of 12 months
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
the act of granting rights.
ride a motorcycle.
Two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach
(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
the act of choosing or selecting
Make or create something for a specific function.
a black and white cow standing in the field.
There is no milk being drunk by a cat
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
A woman is looking curiously at a man
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
Four people rowing down a river.
The black llama is curiously looking at the white dogs
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
a committee having supervisory powers.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
A man is buttering a slice of bread
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
The girl in a dyed red shirt isn't blowing a bubble
A guy is leaping into the air in a wooded area
provide with a toggle
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
The person is slicing onions
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.
A man is sky surfing on the water.
a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.
A young boy is diving into a still lake
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other
A woman is playing a guitar which is electric
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.
People are playing cricket
Two men and a girl in behind of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
the chief executive of a republic.
Two ducks are standing by the water.
There is no surfer leaning on a surfboard
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
A boy of young age is playing in the park with his mother
The man is removing knives from a tree
A dog runs across the grassy field.
There is no man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
The woman is cooking something
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
a natural physical force of drawing towards something
A lemur is being stroked by a woman
A dog jumps over a chain.
A moped in front of ruins.
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
A band is playing some instruments
the act of making a proposal.
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.
A brown dog in a field.
Three people preparing to canoe.
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
make visible by means of chemical solutions.
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier, James said.
Three men are practicing karate outdoors
The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
A tan skinned child is looking at the camera
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
Someone is stroking the belly of an animal
Two cats are fighting each other
The man is playing a game on the grass
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
secondary public school, grades 9-12
the termination, ending of a meeting
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
A man is boiling noodles in water
A person on a bike is not in the air near a body of water
A shoeless woman is standing over a blanket near a lavender umbrella
fall between two taxonomic groups
Start abruptly, ignite
The person is in the snowy mountains.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Seasoning is being added to the water by the man
A monkey is wading through a river
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
the state of being employed or having a job.
A skateboarder is falling off a half pipe
A man on a green car is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day
There is no man on a boat in front of the sunset
A woman is singing into a microphone
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another brown dog in the pond
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
The act of creating written works.
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
There is no lemur eating
turn the paddle; in canoeing.
face an event and survive; endure
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
A dog is in an area full of sand, with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
A brown dog is running through green grass.
Two boys are running around a field.
A man is jumping rope in a field
The man is talking on the telephone
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Three ice skaters round a corner.
These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
A lick of milk sauce is being given to the cat
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A shirtless man catches a football
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
A group of people are not dancing at a concert
The bride and the groom are leaving after the marriage
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.
A brown and white dog is resting on the ground with a tennis ball in its mouth
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
a change for the better.
A man is slicing a red tomato
A large man is sitting in a military accessories store
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.
A brown and white horse runs quickly.
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
A black man is walking next to a shop in a big city
A golden retriever is running
take liberties or act with too much confidence.
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
Two men are not fighting
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
A surfer is leaning on a surfboard
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
fix or set securely or deeply.
There is no woman preparing an egg in a skillet
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
A boy, who is little, is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool
write a computer program.
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
A young man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
A young boy leaps from one couch to another.
A group of children wearing the same clothes is waiting at a gate and one is kissing the mother
A girl is awakening
Two people wearing helmets are driving over the yellow and white flowers
Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
The man is aiming a gun
provide lodging for
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
The brown dog is playing in the snow.
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
A practicing jumper is tossing a person's snowboard into the air
fruit cooked down with sugar, jam
A man is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
A man in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
People at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars
Some kittens are hungry
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
Three cows grazing in a field.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
Black and white dog running through water.
A little girl in costume looks like a woman
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
The chef is seasoning the oil
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
make unfit or unsuitable.
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
A dog is scattering a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
be a reason, cause, or justification of
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally.
There is no tiger cub making a sound
A white dog is running through a snowy trail
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
A horse is racing
A man is on a boat in front of the sunset
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content
have certain properties when driven.
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
An animal is resting
Woman at table busy with something.
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces
The man is on the ride with the horse
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
to fill with coal or oil
A dog is wading in the water.
A person is peeling a banana
A black dog is running in the snow
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
(cause to) become less intense or strict
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
A man and child in front of a billboard
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
positively-charged center part of an atom
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.
a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on a track near water and a skyline
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
remove from a place or from office
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
maintain, assert, or claim
Two people are arguing near a crowd
A big dog and a small white dog are walking past each other
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
A man walking a large black horse.
A woman is planting some flowers
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
A woman is dipping a shrimp in batter
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove
A person is cutting an onion into pieces
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
There is no dog looking around
The man is pouring oil on a few tomatoes
express protest or dissent, raise an objection
A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket.
the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose
A person is spreading butter on a tray
A topless girl is covered in paint
a part of a forked or branching shape.
A black dog, running on grass.
A passenger train in the snow.
The man in a t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall
A woman is firing at target practice
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
give to, and receive from, one another.
A duck floating in the water.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting, said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
A passenger train coming into a station.
There is no cat playing with a device
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of flowers
A small child smiling at the camera.
Someone is scratching the belly of an animal
A girl is playing a wind instrument
A man is peeling an onion
One man is sitting steadily on the chair
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel
A person is repairing some cameras with a blow torch
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
Create an electrical short in something.
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
Some men are fighting
A group of cars parked on a hill
A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
A woman is cracking eggs
Two children are playing on a statue
A little boy is crawling in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
administrator, one who controls resources
A dog running on the beach
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
break from a meeting or gathering.
an indication or manifestation of something, often physical
A man's face is being painted by a woman
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle
the general condition of body and mind.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
defining, distinctive form or shape of something
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
The act of sorting one thing from others.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
cause to reproduce (plants or animals)
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red ball and are playing in the grass
the act of applying force to propel something.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines, said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
Three dogs playing in the green water.
A large green ball is missing a potato
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin
People riding something in the snow.
The potato is being peeled by the lady
A woman is eating a piece of meat
A man skis on a snowy mountain.
A man is hungrily eating a bowl of cereal
There is no man sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
the state of being controlled or governed.
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.
I really liked him and I still do, Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
A basketball player is scoring a basket.
A brown dog is carrying a colored toy in the grass
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).
The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the jersey
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
People are riding and paddling a raft
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
a social gesture of deferential greeting
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
place too much a load on.
I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else, Parrish said.
The turtle is following the red fish
Close-up of a hummingbird.
A white dog in a jump,holding a plate in his mouth.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
The boy is enthusiastically playing in the mud
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
Kids are riding horses in a ring.
Children are playing in ground fountains
These are dark days for our industry, Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the side
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
The man is performing a large jump
A woman is storing broccoli
A man is playing an electronic keyboard
A dog is running after a ball in the grass
A cat is walking on a hardwood floor
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
A cat is sitting on a piano
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into a bowl
A man is holding a frog
The large brown dog is running through shallow water.
There is no woman slicing a green pepper
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A child in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline
the act of explaining or defending something
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on the man
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
A black dog in the snow is jumping onto the ground and missing a stick
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
a brief experience of something.
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
a formation of people or things one beside another.
Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
Brown dog running on the beach.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the seashore
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
Two people are standing on a bench
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
The white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
A woman is putting away a carrot
A man is playing an acoustic guitar
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
A woman, who is old, is near a dog that has a white coat
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush for vegetables
Two small dogs run through the grass.
(cause to) meet or intersect
A person is not tearing paper
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
an impression that something might be the case.
Man standing in front of silver train.
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
A person is riding a horse
A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
A man is spreading dough
a constructed underground passageway
A man is walking a woman through the woods
cover or swamp with water.
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
have a disagreement over something.
unrestricted freedom to use.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
People in costumes are walking around in the street
A brown dog in running on grass.
The man is slicing potatoes
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
There is no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
The brown dog and the black dog are in the grass
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
an approximate attribute or quality of something
A woman is riding her bicycle.
A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
Three boys are resting on rocks along a river
Three women are running in a village
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
have as a logical consequence.
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle
The deer is jumping over the low fence
A man is parking a motorbike
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.
An oriental man and two women are facing a camera
A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
Furnish with metal spurs.
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position
A man is skiing down a snowy mountain
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ
move back and forth
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach.
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
Someone is holding a small animal
A small bird on a tiny branch.
A brown dog is calmly standing in the water
The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
The men are not packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
The man is not eating a banana by a tree
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
A person in a blue jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street
A woman is placing food in a pot of cold water
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
A girl in a white dress is running
A boy is skillfully playing a piano
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out
make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.
A man is watering the grass and excitedly playing with a dog
A white dog runs on the grass.
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth
A dog is running through the snow.
Travel (as if) through water.
The cats are playing with each other
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.
The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitar player
A skier in white is catching a tiny bit of air
One herd of deer is crossing the street
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
A person is wiping butter on a tray
a casual, brief meeting with someone
strike sharply, as in some sports.
There is no man walking outside
The small boy is standing in the forest
A man is riding a horse in the desert
become broader or wider or more extensive.
A car is riskily jumping over a girl
Black and brown dog runs through field.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
A band is playing onstage
A man is singing into an old microphone
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
move in circles.
(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.
the act of catching an object with the hands.
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
angle with a hook and line and draw through          water
be a summary of.
organize anew, as after a setback.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.
If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you, said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
remove or force out from a position.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
Black and white cat lying under bush.
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
The bearded man is not sitting on a train
Two animals sitting on a rock.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on a rail
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
The bird is sitting on the branch.
The girl in the blue coverall is painting
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
Four children are doing backbends in the gym
the act of applying force in order to move something away.
Drinking milk helps a cat's hunger
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
Two older men in front of a bus.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
There are no kids jumping on a trampoline
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
fertilize and cause to grow.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
A woman is drying noodles
Five people are running with three dogs in the green field beside the road
allow the passage of air through.
Two women are sparring in a kickboxing match
A guitar is being played by a girl
A group of people is holding food and pointing at the camera
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
be fond of.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
the act of looking or seeing or observing.
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
the act of intentionally omitting something
Two baby pandas are sleeping
the breakup or termination of a social relationship
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.
A person is riding a dirt bike up a dirt hill
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A young person in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
leave or give by will after one's death.
A big dog is running on the ground
A man is making music with a flute
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
A man is slicing a potato
a unit of atmospheric pressure
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at the sky
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
There is no man cutting a potato
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
a white dog running in the snow
indistinct articulation.
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top.
A man is applying a silencer to a gun
A man is jumping a wall
The man is not playing a flute
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
A group of boys are quiet in front of a large door made of wood
Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
have a strong sexual attraction to
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
A woman in a short skirt and boots.
There is no man cutting onions
A yellow dog is drinking water from the faucet
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
the actors in a play.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a vehicle
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.
A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).
A white puppy is biting a pole
The man is getting off a motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently
protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
Rewrite in a different script.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail
Two children are leaning on a rusty ledge
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
Oil is being poured into the pan by the woman
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board.
A person with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
A baseball player throws the ball.
A man is playing the keyboard with his nose
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man
A dog with a blue blanket is running through the grass
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
give a specific interpretation to
Two women standing outside of a bus.
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
coating used as a repellant to moisture
cancel, reverse, annul
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
The current is being ridden by a group of friends in a raft
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers.
There is no man putting some cheese on a pizza
be located at or on top of something
A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.
Some cheers are being performed by the girl in the blue and white uniform
The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue
sharpen a razor with a strap
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
physical matter left behind after a removal process
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
Two men are not taking a break from construction
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
Two people are riding motorbikes
request urgently and forcefully.
lessen in force, impact, or effect
A bunch of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
deal with according to routine or procedure
A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
the degree or amount of something
A woman is leaning on a racing motorcycle
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).
A white cat stands on the floor.
The woman is cracking two eggs into a bowl made of glass
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend
A girl is jumping.
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
Two dogs are playing by a tree
A plane flying at a distance.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
carry a burden, real or metaphorical
Three women are sitting together near woven walls
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
The child has a necklace on and is in the water.
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden
There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.
I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
estimate the value of.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
get or find back; recover the use of.
seal, insulate or protect
guide, draw through
reach or come to rest.
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
There is no boy playing a piano
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.
The singer is leaving the band
A dog is pulling a toddler out of a rain puddle
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal
the act of applying paint to a surface.
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.
enclose in or as if in a frame.
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
A lone bicyclist is putting down a bike
Three no votes would kill it for now.
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
A black and white dog is playing with a frisbee in a brown field
Red double decker bus on side of street.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the right
There is no woman peeling a potato
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the water
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
the act of grasping into one's arms
Two boys on a couch are playing video games
There is no hamster singing
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
A dog catching a Frisbee.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
The man is climbing up a rope
A man is not drawing on a digital dry erase board
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
The children of a family are patiently playing and waiting
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread near a woman
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
the activity of putting something in written form.
some situation or event that is thought about.
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
There is no person pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
separate into constituents by soaking.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose upwards
a cause of pain or injury or loss.
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
four children are playing on a trampoline.
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
A tennis player in mid game is holding a racquet
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a ball
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside a building
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
The cat isn't licking milk from a saucer
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
a state of order in which events conform to the law.
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike along a roadway
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
The men are playing with a ball
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.
We were seconds away from having that happen, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
A mental state of sadness.
A piano is being played by a man
collect discarded, refused or damaged material
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
Two dogs play in a sandy field.
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
cover with a primer base
Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.
A man is tying a shoe
A black dog is running through some water.
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water
arrange a program of or for.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
a spoken or written reply to a question
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of the water
culminating event
a sporting match, boxing
A tomato is being sliced by a woman
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
A kid is singing and playing a guitar
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
A puppy running along a street.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table
A large flute is being played by a man
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
Some furious racers on the green grass are yelling at the horses jumping an obstacle
A person is diving into clear blue water.
A man and a woman laughing.
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
A young girl is jumping into a still lake
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
There is no woman slicing tofu
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
There is no person riding a bike along a muddy trail
area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body
cause to be perplexed or confounded.
A chef is preparing a meal
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.
give structure to
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
The lady isn't cracking an egg for the mixer
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
The rhino is being fed on the grass
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
A boy is sitting in a seat
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
A boy in a headband plays drums.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
coat, cover, or treat the surface of
a lone dog running in a dirty road
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
the act of applying paint to a surface
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition
One woman is peeling a potato
be or come into conflict
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
The doctor is helping the patient
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
go up or advance.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
The man and woman are strolling
A tan dog is running through the brush
appoint to a clerical posts.
impress or affect deeply.
the lower part of anything.
A man is taking a picture of a drawing
Some young bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
A person, who is riding a bike, is wearing gear which is black
A child is missing a baseball
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
the successful ending of the American Revolution.
Two people are fist fighting in a ring
The man is doing exercises
cause to regain consciousness.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
increase the volume of.
A man is harping on about a play
A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance
A man is performing a handstand on the beach
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
the front face of a building
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
A black person in white is joyfully running with the dog on the grass
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.
A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand
A person is riding an electric bicycle
A man is singing and playing a musical instrument
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
A person in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily
The guitar is being played by a kid
Nobody is in front of the colorful building
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
A black dog running in the snow.
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
The boy is not playing the piano
Two bikes are being ridden by two people
A man is standing shirtless in the street
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
A boy waves around a sparkler.
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog
A lemur is eating
A man is sitting and tables a comfortable discussion
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond.
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
A young girl is standing on both legs
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
the act of taking something that is offered.
There is no young child running outside over the fallen leaves
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
make the surface of level or smooth.
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
There is no cat playing with a watermelon
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of the mountains
process or result of becoming less or smaller.
revolve
to wind or move in a spiral course.
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
The boy is cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone
A horse is standing
soldier who is a member of a special forces group
The person is riding a motorbike on a sandy track
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
require or need something that is missing
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
A dog leaps over a fence.
A sheep grazing in a field.
A small dog leaps in the water.
A brown dog plays in the snow.
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
The boy isn't playing the piano happily
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
No skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
The girl is applying makeup to her face
(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
do something considered below one's diginty
have flavor; taste of something.
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
The woman is skating in the park.
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
make something, usually for a specific function.
A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
the act of taking an offer
A woman is dancing near a fire
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
The little kid is playing football and falling into the grass
People are walking
forked form or shape
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
A small white cat standing in a sink.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
scar physically; create a mark on someone or something
Two dogs run through the snow.
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.
A woman taking her own photo from above.
Five people on a sidewalk.
There is no woman slicing potatoes
One man is climbing a rock wall and another man is holding a rope
Two large black dogs run through the snow.
The children of a family are playing and waiting
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
A small white dog is running across a lawn
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym
a system of units used to express the weight of something.
A dog is chasing a ball on the grass
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
There is no light brown dog running up a street
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk
something considered trite but amusing
A person is sitting and wearing a grass hat
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
a train rides on his tracks.
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball
A boy is jumping off the side of a water fountain made of stone in front of a building
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball
the activity of leading.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
The small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
A small cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
Two dogs running along dirt path.
Two puppies play in the grass
A woman is cutting some flowers
A young man with a beard at an event.
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
A dog has its head outside a red and green gift bag
A young boy is jumping into a still lake
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements
The dogs are playing in the snow.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air
make sense of; assign a meaning to.
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
A young kid is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
There is no man on a bicycle riding on the beach
A girl is messing up her hair
A person is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
The air is tricking a performing cyclist
A man is drawing on a board
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
A girl is wearing a pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in the grass
Two horses standing in a pen.
Two dogs are resting on the beach
Five adults are sitting on stone steps
A woman is riding a Seadoo
A large bird is flying through the air.
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph.
remove the pod, husk or shell
A dog is riding a skateboard in a park
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
A person is buttering a tray
Three children are running up hill
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
A girl is raising a blue uniform with her arm
A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
An airplane facing the camera.
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
One man is doing a bicycle trick in midair
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
Two children are playing flag football together.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention
A man is standing still
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
a context or situation that hinders or impedes
A man is playing a flute made of bamboo
There is no dog running through a field and chasing a ball
The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
Put a harness on.
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are lying in the snow
The man is feeding the snake with an animal
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head
There is no dog with a blue blanket running through the grass
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
A man is opening a box with a knife
A man and a woman kiss.
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by the woman
A lady is surfing and riding a wave
A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
scrape or rub to relieve itching
the act of cutting something into parts.
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight
a man running track
The cat is hungrily drinking milk
A man is removing the peel of an onion
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
A woman is slicing butter
The man is not slicing a potato
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).
Two airplanes in the sky.
the day before today
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children
A group of five young adults are lounging in the room
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night
One man is climbing a wall made of rock and another man is holding a rope
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
a dog runs across the land.
care about, be bothered by, be concerned by
be or play a part of or in.
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
There is no woman putting on lipstick
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results, Buell said.
If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting, he said.
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
A dog sniffs a tree stump.
A person is holding a frog
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, doesn't look surprised
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down a hill
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by a person
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
the general activity of selling.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
(cause to) become even or level
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
A person is doing a trick on a skateboard
the act of perceiving the odor of something.
A little girl is shoveling snow.
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
group of people defined by a specific profession
A woman who is wearing a pink scarf is riding a bike down a bridge built for pedestrians
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
A boy, who is wearing a blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella 
A man is getting off the motorcycle
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
have the financial means to do something or buy something.
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
to argue or plead in favor of
Five people are standing with three dogs in the park beside the road
Nobody is fighting in a cow pasture
Several children playing in a ball pit.
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting
move along on wheels
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach
the successful action of solving a problem.
There is no young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
affect with or as if with a cramp.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
any new participant in some activity.
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
a sudden, brief burst of light
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.
want, desire or perfer to do something
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
An Asian woman in a crowd is carrying a black bag
A man is emptying a plastic container
remove the husks from.
A white horse is standing
a close up head of an ostrich.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
Three men playing baseball.
A few animals are out of the water
A man is sitting on the grass and drinking from a water bottle
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window
There is no woman putting on makeup
make a dry crackling sound.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
perform or supervise a ritual
A tiger is walking around aimlessly
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the backyard
There is no baby talking
This child was literally neglected to death, Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
ATVs are being driven by three people
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
A man is being roped by a climber
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
the act of having and controlling property.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
A racquet is being held by a tennis player in mid game
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
a portion or percentage of a whole
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
There is no woman cutting broccoli
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.
A dog running through mucky ground.
A woman is frying fish
Someone is cleansing an animal
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
dispose of (something useless or old).
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
Two young women walk along a dirt road.
symbolize, serve as an example of
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
a disease of the heart.
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
There is no man eating some food
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
the rescue or release of someone, something
any activity that occupies a person's attention.
severance from a social connection or tie
an objective or goal
take measures in preparation for.
Two men on boat floating on the water.
The elderly lady is waiting on the sidewalk
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
a group of children playing with a dog
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
(cause to) emit a brief burst of light
A shirtless man is leading a carriage that is being pulled by a horse
have a great affection or liking for.
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
compel, enforce, or insist on something
Someone is typing on a keyboard
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
There is no man eating cereal
A brown puppy is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
any area set aside for a particular purpose.
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
There is no couple running towards the ocean
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
A child is talking
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
the entering of a legal document into the public record.
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
The car is being driven by a man
A man is cutting tomatoes
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
support on the back and shoulders.
A person on a yellow clean bike is taking a jump
The woman is seasoning the oil
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
Two toddlers are sleeping in a wagon, which is really small
A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is cornering a barrel
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles
A baby reaching into a water fountain.
Envelop completely; form a cover over.
Men in costumes are walking around in the street
the act of damaging something, causing breakage
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
A tree is being cut by a man with an axe
social or economic downfall of someone or a group
Several people are sitting around a fire at night
A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a saddle
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
A group of kids is playing on a colorful structure
make impure.
The man is running on the road
An onion is being sliced by a man
lumber used in the construction of something.
A brown dog is running through the grass which is tall and green
The man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
an abundance of something
a loss of function
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
cause to appear in a new form.
Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
A woman is not peeling a potato
fool or hoax.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A man with no hat is standing outside of a green jeep
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
A dog is near the red ball in the air
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino
Someone is playing with a toad
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her
An Asian woman in a crowd is not carrying a black bag
The man is lifting barbells
A dog is playing with a toy
Someone is stirring food in the water
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
The back of a sign with stickers on.
cause to be hanging or suspended.
They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
the identification or the realization of something
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
A man water skis while attached to a parachute.
There is no woman putting a child in a waste bin
run or flow slowly
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
Weights are being lifted by the man
Entreat; ask for some information or action.
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe
a boy swinging on a swing.
A dog is running along the grass.
be fully aware or cognizant of.
reveal its presence or make an appearance.
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
A black bird is sitting on a dead tree
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
Three men are practicing karate in a gym
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.
People sitting on the porch.
The machine is shaving the end of a pencil
A jet is flying
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
an explanation or alibi for something
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
work material with a tool
Draw in and expel air through lungs.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green jeep
A dog is biting a can
The person is going into the water
Train gliding on tracks.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
A motorcyclist "pops a wheelie" in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
A group of people are marching
A kid is speeding down a steep slide
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
(Cause to) to turn to the left side.
the act of harming or hurting someone
Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.
change or conform to fit new or different conditions
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water
The woman is putting pasta into a dish
A person is slicing some ginger
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.
A rider is surfing the wave
refer for judgment or consideration.
There is no man pouring cleaner into the sink
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
The men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
state of being under control
move as if through a sieve.
a feeling or state of contentment, relief
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
An area that is central within some larger region.
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground
A lion is tiring the whole pen by pacing
a physical entity
Physically raise from a lower position.
Two girls are playing guitar
Young boys play touch football.
make new.
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
The woman is removing make-up
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
to put down by force or authority.
the power to use something or someone.
A young girl is dancing
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
A man is playing the drum
A white train pulling into a station.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
A white dog running on the beach.
an interpretation of a text or action.
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
A plane is taking off
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
Two trains inside a train station.
a woman with a big necklace.
A group of people playing football is running in the field
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
two woman looking into a glass case.
behave in a condescending manner
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
rein in a horse to lose a race
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road beside the water
A brown and white dog running on grass.
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
A man is packing a violin
A woman is sitting on the grass and is drinking from a water bottle
The man is rising from a swamp
Our outcomes are very encouraging, George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
A woman is playing a guitar
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys
Two men talking in front of a plane.
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
A man is getting a garage for the car
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a river
give a thrashing to; beat hard.
state of being active
Someone is beating an egg
A person is unfolding a tortilla
A dog running fast in the sand.
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear
a man and a woman posing for a picture
Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
a chance to do something.
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
The man is not climbing up a rope
A woman in a bikini is pulling a cat on a leash at the beach
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
the act of climbing something.
There is no boy checking a calendar
limit the range or extent of.
A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish 
Incline or bend; changle configuration.
A couple of boys are playing a video game
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
two dogs running in the snow
The large dog wading in the water and shaking.
The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
A soccer player is kicking a ball out of the goal
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
A little dog is running on the sand
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
Some young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
to hunt snipe
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
the general impression or appearance of something
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.
make the surface level or smooth
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
Potatoes are being sliced by a man
The bicyclist is not riding on a city street
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
end
A man is playing a keyboard in a park
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
Man sleeping on the street.
A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another one
Black train idle on the tracks.
The women are not dancing outside
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.
Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.
A man rock climbing.
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
Three children in a ball pit.
A boy is knocking a dog with a bottle of water
A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth
A man is idling
A toddler is sitting in a seat
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are sniffing
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.
There is no man playing the guitar loudly
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
separate (as if) by passing through a sieve
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on a sunny day
A woman and three kids play at a park.
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
supporter, advocate of something or someone
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
The cat is eating some corn
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
Two angels are making snow on the lying children
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.
We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision, Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine
A red bird is perched in a tree.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
A few children are jumping on a trampoline
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
A brown dog is running along a beach.
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
a large room
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
to grow rapidly
A woman is firing a weapon
the visual appearance of something or someone.
fall or descend to a lower place or level.
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
A man is making a bed
Three kids are jumping in the leaves
A man with a helmet painted red is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm
an aggressive willingness to compete.
The man is stirring oil
The man is driving a car carefully
Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
pay unsolicited sexual attention to
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
the high value or worth of something.
A man is riding the animal
social ranking or position
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
A woman is not cutting broccoli
A black dog is standing in deep water
There are no men fighting
A black dog is running in the grass.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
A snowboarding man is jumping through the air
clean with hard rubbing.
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles
A girl is skipping rope in a park
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
A computer operating on a desk.
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing a game
A man takes photos on the water's edge.
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
A white car and a yellow car are racing down the track
the processing or operation of something
A man dances on a colorful wall.
Two dogs on the beach.
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night
Two men are breaking into a car during a trip on a snowy road
A woman is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near the end of the field
A young child is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
Adults and children standing and playing in front of a stair near a wooded area
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets
A woman is boiling noodles in water
something additional of the same kind.
a native of ancient Troy.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
the act of sorting things into categories
A black and brown dog is eyeing a fly
position in football played by a team member
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
The act of testing something.
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
There is no little black dog chasing a little brown dog
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
A tan dog is walking through snow.
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
Music is being performed by four people outdoors
Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
Three dogs play in the grass.
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
Two large park benches have a person sitting and a bottle of soda between them
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
A clown is singing and people are dancing
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
A large boat on the sea.
The man is not playing the guitar
bring into general popular/common use
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
the central area of an object
physically grapple with an opponent
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
The people are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant
A young woman is playing the guitar
A girl is running on a desert path.
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
Engrave by means of dots.
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
be opposite.
A woman is slicing a cucumber
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
The man is absently eating a banana by a tree
convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.
A woman is dancing near a fireplace
the finger next to the thumb, forefinger
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
A man is playing with a water toy in the water
A horse is falling on someone
An unforseen development.
Runners are competing in a race
a particular environment or walk of life.
the act of leading or guiding others
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
cause to throb or beat rapidly.
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
A man playing a video game in a store.
There is no man thinking
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
Two dogs are playing on the beach
A man is outside close to a target for blade throwing
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of
A little girl is walking off the stage
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
There is no woman in a purple top walking a bicycle between two stone columns
It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, says one banker.
say mean things.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
A group of men is playing soccer on the beach
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
A person is shirtless and is putting down the beer
have or contain a certain wording or form.
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
A biker is jumping in the air, alone
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
announce the termination of, as of treaties.
a happening or incident of human significance
take legal action against, as in court
A bird is resting its wings in the water
make a channel for; provide with a channel.
There is no one peeling a banana
a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege
A child holds a yellow balloon.
Four dogs are playing in a area covered by grass
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
A young boy is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival.
activity of selling
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.
A person who plays soccer is kicking a ball into the goal
A young female rider on a brown horse.
Nobody is cutting a capsicum into pieces
A girl in a costume participates in a parade.
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging
The persons are singing and dancing
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it's mouth.
A girl is on a jumping car
Two children are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it
A woman is showing a dog with very short hair at a dog show
The man is being knocked off of a horse
An old person is sitting on a bench
a company that provides public service commodities
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
A shirtless man is playing football on a field
Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
a side or surface of something
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
Three women are resting in a village
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
A dog is running alongside a fence on a dirt track
A close-up of a black train engine.
A person is singing and playing a guitar
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.
the introductory section of a story.
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
A dog is running through tall grass.
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.
The guitar is being played by the man
A man is drawing some figures
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
The red bus is on the street.
edge tool used in shaving.
a concentrated example of something.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.
take apart into its constituent pieces.
the end or completion of something.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
A man is talking to a woman
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
A woman is cutting tofu
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
become inflated.
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Black train on train tracks.
A person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
The man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
The man is carefully feeding a mouse to the snake
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt
shape or influence; give direction to.
A man in mid air on a skateboard.
carry, as on one's back.
The men are carefully putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
A brown dog runs through the grass.
a short section of a musical composition.
A small child is showing boredom on a swing set at the park
beat (as if) with a whip or rod
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass.
A woman is standing near three children
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
five people standing on a sidewalk
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on table
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
A woman holding a small baby.
give certain properties to something.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
assign to or arrange into categories
Identify, establish location or identity
organize or be responsible for.
Two white dogs are running together
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
Tofu is being sliced by a woman
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is pulling up
There is no person peeling an onion
A yellow boat on shore.
Someone is dismantling a piano
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. 
dysfunction or ailment of the heart
The woman is not slicing herbs
hold or carry in equilibrium.
(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound
consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.
burn slightly to affect color
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
the act of arriving at a certain place
The man is standing next to a bird cage
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
be tantamount or equivalent to.
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
The man is racing for the lead 
the event of coming to a stop, ending something
The dog is running through the dry sand
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
An elderly woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
A woman is mixing eggs
any cause or source of great suffering
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
A man is playing a guitar that is acoustic
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A man is naked and is lying in the field
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).
the act of applying force suddenly.
printed version of electronic data from a computer
The small child is wading through the water and is being guided by another person
(Cause to) become widely distributed.
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
throw into great confusion or disorder.
A dog is running on the sand and chasing a ball
become or cause to become obstructed.
the act of giving temporary assistance.
A small black dog is in the grass.
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing a blue coat
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
A large white crane is flying near the water
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.
A dog runs through the snow.
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
Cereal is being eaten by the man
A surfer is riding a large wave.
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
become the owner or posessor of something
A group of people is sitting on both sides of a red stone structure
The hiker is following a trail uphill.
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach
A group of men are playing ball together.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk
One person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com.
a sharp side of an object
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
Some food is being eaten by a man
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes
A dog catching a ball.
A brown dog shaking its head.
There is no team playing soccer
lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions
A biker is riding along the top of a fence
take or capture by force.
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
The parrot is silent in front of the microphone
A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube.
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A man and a woman are eating
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
A baby elephant is not eating a small tree
(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.
Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
A race horse galloping without a rider.
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard
A woman is picking up and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking
a cue given to someone for assistance
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
the forceful hit of a ball
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping
A girl is standing alone and wears a black shirt and pink beads
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.
move or gather in a hive
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building
There is no little kid playing football and falling into the grass
The man isn't doing a magic trick
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
A dog is running toward the camera.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the seashore
Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
stick out, jut out, protrude
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
cause to be in brief contact with.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car
A truck is quickly going down a hill
A yellow dog is running up a sandy path
remove tree stumps from.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
A group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
A plane is landing
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
A man is roasting a snake
A child and two dogs play in the water.
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.
bring into being.
Four people row a canoe in water.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
The sheep is standing under the trees.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
The person is writing
a state of exposure to harm
A black rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
The young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
A girl jumping in a puddle.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a dog with a brown coat in the grass
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine
A man is dancing
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
an observer of a process or activity
The boys are standing in front of the burning car
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.
A person is doing a trick on a snowboard
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
A cat is swinging on a fan
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
There is no man playing a guitar
A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.
A frog is being held carelessly by a man
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
The show for the small child is being set on an exciting swing at the park
There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
A girl has colored patches on the cheeks
A woman is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
the large room of a manor or castle.
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
create code or computer programs
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
a state of extreme poverty.
There is no cyclist on a yellow bike airborne
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water
There is no small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach
examine minutely; search diligently
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
A boy standing on a beach.
make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a vehicle
A man is eating a fruit
to ignite or catch on fire
There is no man playing the piano with his nose
Some racers are running down a track
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
A woman is serving volleyballs over a net
something that is desired intensely.
A man in a purple hat isn't climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
a group of people living together in a camp.
act of distributing
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
A motorcyclist on a bike is leaning into a sharp corner
A woman is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
A woman is cutting a white onion
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
A man is playing a guitar on stage
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
Some women are holding each other in a circle and dancing
Someone is holding a hedgehog
Wellsâ€™ other series include NBCâ€™s ER and Third Watch.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
an open motorboat used for transport
A person is not making a bed
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
jolt of electrical current to the body
Two sumo ringers are not fighting
A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
One woman is playing a flute
cause or become accessible state, make or become available
The man is not playing a guitar
A man running on a track.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
A bike is being ridden over a monkey
A group of kids is playing in a yard and an old man is standing in the background
A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between buildings behind
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
free from obligations, service or confinement
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
Several people are walking in line across a bridge
Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue mat
refrain from harming.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
A potato is being peeled by a woman
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
Four people are performing music outdoors
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide.
A surfer is riding a big wave
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
A motorbike rider is jumping over a person on a sandy track
hurt, feel physical pain
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the left
A black and white dog jumping into the air.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
cause to turn from one course or use to another
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving a toy
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
take possession of by legal authority (for security).
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
The man is not riding a horse by a creek
A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
There is no man spitting
The orange rescue boat is rushing across the water
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.
A man is talking on a cell phone
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
A black train moves down the tracks.
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
A big potato is knocking a green ball
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
A white bird is swiftly taking off from the water
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
A man climbing a cliff face.
The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama
A boy is studying a calendar
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other
A boy is hanging a rod for fishing and running in front of a fish
train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
A man is pouring oil into a pan
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
The man is standing steadily next to a birdcage
It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side
A group of people standing outside of a building.
One panda is eating a bamboo cane
One climber is holding a rock and another man is roping a wall
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine
Boys are dancing in front of some people
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
A man is pouring liquid into a pot
confine in or as if in a prison
A boy is mowing the lawn
A bottle is being licked by the cat
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
put under the control and authority of a federal government.
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
The woman is slicing a tomato
leave isolated with little hope of rescue
go to see for professional or business reasons.
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence
make less severe or strict.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photograph
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
The man is playing the instrument
A dog in the snow.
There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
move in a spiral or zigzag course.
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
Two white horses staring over a fence.
A dog is chasing the tail of an animal in the grass
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
A man is erasing some figures
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed Â£4.1 billion merger.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran
Make reference to something.
There is no kitten drinking milk
A man is going into the water
The person is dicing up a pepper which is orange
Two dogs play in the snow.
The small girl is riding in the toy car
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near a desert area
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
A group of Asian girls are standing together
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard
The person isn't riding a motorbike on a sandy track
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
to say, state, or perform again.
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
Some people are singing
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
The man is adding seasoning to the water in a bowl
The brown dog is not sniffing the back of a small black dog
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
One boy is happily playing a piano
A player dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging the earth
Some children are playing on a statue
A couple holds a baby.
Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
Five children are standing in a wooden hut
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.
Someone is pouring ingredients into a pot
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
A dog is running up a grassy hill
A dog is running with a volleyball
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
A woman is cutting some plants
The tail of an animal is being chasing by a dog in the grass
A woman is not boiling shrimps
a relation that provides the foundation for something.
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
injure, scratch the surface
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted
A woman is dancing gracefully
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
The man is cautiously operating a stenograph
the act of taking of a person by force.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
A group of people are in the water.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
There is no pet dog standing on the bank and looking at another brown dog in the pond
An airplane is taking off
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into a pot on the stove by a person
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
One small child is greedily drinking water from the cup
make images or sounds less sharp
A brown dog and a black dog are frolicking in the sand
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
A person is taking away the meat in the skillet
A man in a car is not pulling up beside a woman who is walking along a road
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
A small boy is standing in the forest
make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.
A girl is styling her hair
A child is swimming underwater in a pool
strike as if by whipping.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
The climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging from a white, vertical rock
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman
Two dogs are running quickly through a park
Two people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).
one fourth of a year
A tan dog runs through the snow.
Some young dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
A dog is biting a mop.
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.
A dog is looking at something near the water.
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in a puddle full of mud
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
the quality of being dependable
A group of people sitting around a desk.
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.
hit or return before it touches the ground
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
A man with a white moustache is sitting on a balcony and is looking at the road below
No dog is running through the snow
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
People are obviously inconvenienced, said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
A journey for some purpose.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle in the street
It's a huge black eye, said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
the activity of breaking or splintering something
a dog runs through the water.
Physically attach to something.
place or put on the ground.
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
a special set of circumstances.
The meat is being dropped into a pan
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
go after with the intent to catch.
the ability to recall things
A man with tattoos is holding a couch with a pencil
lengthen or extend in duration or space.
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
Lie at an angle; bend along a path.
The person is not slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
return in thought or speech to something.
RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground
feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
clean, wash thoroughly
a boxing or wrestling match.
The dog is running through the wet sand
The trumpet is being played by a man
the activity of removing a resource
We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
Two children are playing
The boy is checking a calendar
A dog, which has a brown and white coat, is holding a baseball in its mouth
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
a bird lands in the water.
Guitar is being played by a man
A lady is mixing a mixture of meat in a bowl
A golden dog is running on the grass.
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
a young child running along the shore at a beach
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
regain or make up for.
The drums are being played by the man
A black dog lays in the sand.
It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and smiling
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
There is no man cutting a box
make accessible to some action, influence, or condition
A black dog is jumping off a dock into a pond
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law, he said.
The practicing person doesn't like the guitar
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause
The girl is erasing the other man's work from the board
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
There is no woman cutting an onion
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
Two dogs run through the brush.
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
Two bull dogs playing on the floor.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on the dog
Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
a change which is a decrease
two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
Three men are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved, investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of few people
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks.
A girls is jumping in the sand.
Two people are looking at a statue made of gold
Three people are driving ATVs
A small child is showing excitement on a set of swings at the park
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
the concluding section of a communication
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
informal terms for the leg.
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
The woman is cutting a carrot
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
Red and white bus driving down road.
There is no man playing soccer
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
Two men are battling
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
A boy in a band is playing the flute
There is no snowboarder jumping off the snow
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm
throw quickly, flick
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
A man is playing a large flute
Two men are standing in the ocean
medium of exchange minted by a government
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
A man is bringing up the rear of the race
There is no man playing a flute
A man in a batman costume is running a race.
There is no small dog chasing a large brown cow
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground.
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Two cows cross a paved street.
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
There is no man patting an alligator on the mouth
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
a slight cut in a physical surface
There is no man reading an email
make a film or photograph of something.
the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of governing, administrating
lowest employee salary permitted by law
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
A female cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a male cheerleader
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken
A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
A man is not cutting an onion
Two teams are playing soccer
creating a picture with paints.
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
People sitting on a couch laugh.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
A white dog jumps into a pool.
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
tell or spread rumors; say
A rider is waving at a surfer
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
A kid is playing the guitar
A baby is toddling happily
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
a notational mark used in writing, diacritic
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
A man is putting vegetables into a pot
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
raise from a lower to a higher position.
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on a park porch
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome
A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl's face.
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding
A model is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near a stack of blocks on table
A keyboard is being played by a man
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.
deal with in a routine way.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
Two teams are competing in a football match
A man is putting down the guitar
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is not talking on a cell phone
Two men are fist fighting in a ring
Make (undue) claims of owning.
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
A woman is wakeboarding on a lake
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
issue bonds on.
A sea turtle is hunting for food
rein in to keep from winning a race.
Remove water from a substance.
Some children are jumping off a trampoline
A boy is wearing a white hat and is walking on the beach
A woman riding a brown horse.
A white bird is landing swiftly in the water
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
A woman is mixing the content of a bowl
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
A woman is not frying fish
A group of men is fighting
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the stairs, which are outdoors
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
Two black dogs run through a field.
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
A flute is being put away by a girl
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.
Five people are standing in the grass with three dogs
There is no woman driving a car and talking to the man seated beside her
A man is standing behind the rocks with clouds on top of them
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
A passenger jet flies through the air.
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
People are clustered around a bonfire at morning
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.
get rid of as if by submerging.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
A man is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
indicate a decision in regard to.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net
Someone is removing the peel of a banana
provide with rails.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
pull, or move with a sudden movement.
A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court
A man is singing passionately
a region allocated to hold something
marriage offer
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
Two small children walking in a field.
Kids play soccer on a field.
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
move through with or as if with a rake.
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.
A brown dog is walking in the water.
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.
be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.
A white cat laying on a sheet.
move as a crowd or in a group.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
There aren't many people in the ice skating park
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
cause to move faster.
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.
A person is standing near a motorcycle
There are no dogs playing in the snow
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
the trait of wasting resources.
support a person for a position.
Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
lock with one another
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
There are no soccer players kicking a soccer ball into the goal
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it
put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.
A red sled is being held by a little girl in a green coat and a boy walking in the snow
A person on a snowmobile.
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
There is no man with a hard hat dancing
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar case open for donations
Two poodles are running through the snow.
A young girl going down a tube slide.
A person is wrapping up an onion
The little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
mark with a scar.
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
extend out or project in space.
The goal is being guarded by a hockey player in a yellow jersey
A woman is diving into a pool
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
a state of confinement in a small space
the state of being excommunicated.
move, transfer or carry something or someone
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from the air
A man is putting some food in a container
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
A woman is cracking some eggs into a container
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
The tan horse is in the pasture.
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
Amount that can be contained
Someone is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
a boundary marking the extremities of something.
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
Two people are walking near the water
There is no person singing and playing the guitar
A brown dog running through the woods.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a field
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
A monkey is riding a bike
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
A group of people are running a race.
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
recording tracks of music made on some medium
heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
The woman is playing the flute
come into conflict, meet in opposition
The man is playing a harp
behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
Two girls next to a mossy tree.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a rain puddle
There is no woman combing her hair
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
A musician is playing a keyboard
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage
have unlawful sex with a whore.
The big white dog is running in the grass.
A man is cleaning a dish
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
bend into the shape of a crank.
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
Three boys are rocking the walk along the river
measure the time or duration of
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
A man kite surfing creates a wave.
A large pile of scrap wood.
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something
elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the beach
A cat is playing with a watermelon
A man is lifting barbells
The person is setting fire to the cameras
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
A bus drives down a busy road.
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a puddle full of mud
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is jumping down off a dirt bike
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
a problem.
We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy, said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
A man in a elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers
Three children are running down a grassy hillside
Nobody is playing the guitar and singing
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall
A dog walks on the beach.
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
a cell for violent prisoners.
There is no little girl playing a grand piano on stage
A man is speaking
A man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
A mostly black train on a track.
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
a major branch of a tree
There is no man fishing in the river
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
The group of dim people is sitting in a room
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
A black dog is running across a field.
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.
A rainbow afghan is being held by a girl in gold and purple
A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down a hill
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity
Three dogs play by a lake.
A plane in the sky.
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
A person is not playing a keyboard
A dog is jumping high into the air in the country
A woman in a red dress is putting away an instrument
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from the screen
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
fall or cause to fall
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
The person is not riding the horse
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
A woman is tailing a pony near a rock climbing wall
A piano is being played by a person
Someone is adding ingredients to a pot
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
the act of providing assistance, giving aid
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
A man is cutting a slice of bread
go away or leave.
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.
a dog runs through the woods.
The women are not singing and dancing
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
A group of people is near the ocean
Two men in a running contest.
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
serve as the inciting cause of.
Mud is being thrown to the playing boy
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
the space where a division or parting occurs.
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
A woman is slicing meat with a knife
A man is removing a carrot from a machine
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
time during which some action is awaited.
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.
A boy is standing in the cold water
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
the physiological activation of an organism or organ
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
A dog is jumping on a trampoline
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
A man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
A man is playing an electric guitar
provide, raise, or supply funds to
This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.
take or capture by force or authority
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
There is no veteran showing things from a war to some people
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
The dog is catching a ball
Some bikers are not getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
a written list of particular things being offered
One man is passionately playing the guitar
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.
A woman is jumping rope outside
I'm very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
Three young girls are dancing in the room
A dog with something pink in it's mouth is looking forward.
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
A man is jumping onto a low wall
A blonde in green is sitting by a swinging boy
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
A woman is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
The curious boys look in the shed.
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the road
A tiger cub is roaring
The puppy is not playing with a plastic container
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
a black and white cow in hay.
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
A dog runs through the deep snow.
There is no man cutting a paper
a specialized division of a large organization.
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
A dog leaping over a chain.
a person who plants or detonates explosives
Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
an informal right to something.
Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
pass the tongue over.
The girl is watering the plants
Two children are rolling in dirty water
Ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
a reason for wanting something done.
The two black dogs are running through the grass.
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
show the form or outline of.
Rugby players are tackling each other
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
An interview is being granted by the man
Eggs are being strongly whisked in a bowl by a person
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air
Somebody is cutting a tomato
Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
The man is going into the water
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result
take in marriage.
A man is sitting comfortably at a table
repeat; reestablish or begin again
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green vehicle
A dog, which is small, is running out of the green grass
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
A dog with really long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
gain points in a game; add up (numbers)
(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
keep from being seen or perceived by others
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo
A little girl is selling a scooter
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on a half pipe
A man with a white moustache is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
The figures are becoming catastrophic, said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.
An old man sitting down watching something.
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks
The principal activity that one does to earn money.
The rider is biking in the rain and wearing a red jacket
A woman is not eating a cupcake
(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
furnish with spars.
discipline in personal and social activities.
A black and white dog is dropping a baseball from its mouth
touch, lift, or hold with the hands.
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
The young girl blows a huge bubble.
The child is splashing water in a pool
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket.
The buttons of a microwave are being pushed by a man
cause to lean to the side.
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.
A boy at the bottom of a hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Two women sitting on brown couch.
A dog runs through shallow water.
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
Two dogs are fighting
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.
A baby is not playing with a doll
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other kids are playing in the background
abstain from eating or from certain foods
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
There is no cat sliding upside down under a couch
A green car parked at a saloon.
A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pot on the stove
A boy, who looks young and is wearing a red swimsuit, is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
an electrical connection between conductor and earth
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
Horse standing in a field.
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
the relation of comprising something.
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
reason by deduction; establish by deduction.
The woman is dicing a carrot
A woman with a white horse.
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
the act of swallowing.
the act of putting a preparation on something.
A tiger is sitting
Two dogs are running through a small pond
The man is feeding the snake with a mouse
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field.
Some racers are swimming in a lake
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages, the statement continued.
A woman is rowing a boat
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
There is no dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
A woman is cracking some eggs into a bowl
The woman is pouring oil into the pan
the event of gradually vanishing from view
A man is riding a horse
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking in rocky area
A man is slicing butter
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
A guy is riding a horse
The black dog is running through the snow.
verify something by comparing to a standard
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
the act of drawing or hauling something.
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper
One small child is filling the cup with water
There is no man making a phone call
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
A child pushes another child on a swing.
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
Three dogs are up to their necks in water.
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
beat or pound rapidly
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
argue or speak in defense of.
A young girl on Rollerblades.
The windows are being polished by a man
enter uninvited.
A green car parked outside the saloon.
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on the water
A child is hitting a baseball
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
A guitar is being played by a man
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
A person is tearing sheets
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
Two cars for racing are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.
A man with no shirt is jumping over a log
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red.
Four people are silently standing outdoors
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
expose or make accessible to some action or influence.
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
domesticated animals kept for use or profit
a quantity that is an approximate calculation
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf isn't riding a bike
support by placing on or against something solid
A woman is not slicing a cucumber
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
a conveyance that transports people or objects.
A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face
A man is folding a tortilla
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
A dog runs in the woods.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
A man is holding up an electronic device
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
duplicate or match.
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
A kid is playing a guitar
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
A woman is deep frying food
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl
a consequence, outcome or result of something
the flavor quality of something
(cause to) return after being refused
A white cat standing on a carpet.
The brown dog is not playing outdoors
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
the act of shoving something away
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
A black-and-white dog running in the water.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.
A man is dangerously dancing on the ceiling of a room
A man is chopping a log with an axe
A dog running along the beach.
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).
However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
The kids are playing outdoors near a man with a smile
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated, Mackey said in a statement.
make shine
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
strike the air in flight.
A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling
There is no surfer riding the wave
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
There is no man singing and playing a guitar
There is no woman coating a pork chop
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
the way something conforms to a shape
There is no woman slicing a potato
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk.
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
A paper plate is being cut by a man
A man is walking down a road
The crowd is not watching a football game
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
The act of providing approval and support.
A blonde boy in green is sitting on a swing
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.
A woman is deboning a fish
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
A woman in a black jersey is standing in a gym
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
It is about a third of what I owe in the world, he told reporters.
A woman is bowling two eggs to a break dancer 
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups, Bloomberg said.
An onion is being chopped
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
transfer from one place or period to another.
A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
Some bikers are getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
A woman is posing for three men for a photo
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
A young white child is not standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
Three men eating in a kitchen.
A healthy looking dog is lying on the ground
The young boy is climbing the wall made of rock
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
the close approach of one object to another
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
A woman is stroking a lemur
Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by a person
A person is cutting an onion
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Two dogs are running on the grass.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
Some fish are swimming
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
make coincide in time or operation
get despite difficulties or obstacles.
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
The onion is being cut by the man
A boy running through green grass.
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
informal usage for a domestic cat, often young
A man is carelessly holding a frog
A young, topless woman is covered in paint
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
make more complex, intricate, or richer.
It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses, said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
A man is jumping into an empty pool
An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
A dog is running in the snow.
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl
trace the form or outline of
A girl riding a tan horse.
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
A man is playing a keyboard
A black dog standing in a field.
The group of people is not sitting on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them
A woman is slicing a fish
A box is being cut by a man
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
Follow one's own or another's path
A girl is drawing a man
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
A man is removing the butter from a piece of bread which is big
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
The man is eating
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A group of men play a college football game.
A man is silent
A man is drinking orange juice and walking
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for a camera
A woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms
There is no young child wearing a white coat and playing a game
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Nobody is treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
A dog is playing in water.
go on a campaign; go off to war.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
The black and white dog is running outdoors
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
the center of an object.
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near a building
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
A man on a motorcycle is going around a corner
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.
A person riding a dirt bike.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
allow the passage of air
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
A dog is chasing a ball through dirt
A dog running through the water.
A guy is cheerfully playing with the footbag
One girl is jumping on the car
a feeling of aversion or antipathy.
the fashionable elite of a given community
A man is jumping off a low wall
A person is playing the keyboard
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
Two children are rolling in clean water
There is no man eating a banana
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
A little brown and white dog is running on the road
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
store (liquids or gases) in bottles.
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Young baby girl sitting on table.
recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.
A dog with a tan coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
A black dog is running in the grass
initiation, founding, introduction of something
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
A black and white dog running between poles.
a visual characterization of something
A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
Three dogs walking in the grass.
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
A baseball player hitting the ball
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
provide a feast or banquet
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
a caress with the lips
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition
A man in a tux on a white horse.
A golden retriever is not running
A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching
the pulsation of the heart
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
A man is playing a flute
show to a seat; assign a seat for.
A woman is slicing herbs
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water
where you live at a particular time.
The men are in the suitcases that are being packed in the trunk of a car
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
(cause to) be overlaid with something
A woman pointing at a geyser.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
A few people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
A fully dressed person is behind a pile of rocks and a clear sky is in the background
A young boy is using sign language
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.
There is no man doing pull-ups
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
A group of guys play instruments outside.
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
furnish with a guideline
The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
face and withstand with courage.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.
This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
put a harness.
the act of concealing or disguising
An elderly man is sitting on a bench
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
advance warning or notification of something
The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
Cook in cream or using cream.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
Two people are kissing near a crowd
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
travel or be transported in a vehicle.
A close-up view of a horse's head.
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
A white dog is standing in a lake
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.
strike with horror, surprise, disgust
The wave is being ridden by a surfer
whip with or as if with a whisk
A dog with golden fur is in the water
two dogs running on the beach
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
make a loud noise, as of animal.
A man is not participating in a bmx race
The woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen
the alleviation of distress
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
One man is leading the race
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a target which is close
A man is participating in a race for bmxs
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
Two boys on a couch are playing games on the TV
People are sitting at tables in a red room
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails
A man is playing a guitar under a windows
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
change the key of, in music.
put an end to a state or an activity.
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
A man is riding on a bicycle with one wheel only
a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
Pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.
cause to become awake or alert
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
A man in a red uniform is swiftly making a jump in a dirt bike race
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
appoint to clerical posts
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
A snow slide is full of kids
Two persons of large size are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
A black dog jumps in the snow.
A man is picking up a tree
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
sorting one thing from others.
People stand outside a bookstore.
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
A group of children in a church basement is playing maracas and tambourines
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.
A man is not playing with water
No people are riding camels at the beach
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
Limit in quantity or quality.
Two men are playing table football
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.
A lemur is eating quickly
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
the legal state of owing money
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
Two men in hats pose together.
The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
There is no dog playing with a red ball
The man is not cutting the tape on the box
A young girl in a coat made for winter is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
There is no cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass
A man is carrying a woman
Two people are not riding motorbikes
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
restrict or confine
There is no one banging a camera lens against a nail
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it's hind legs.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
A boy is standing in the water
The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses
a person who is aggressively pursued, chased
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.
The man in a cowboy hat is not walking through a market and is not putting a hand in his pocket
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
A black dog is walking through some tall grass
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony
Kids playing tag football.
A baby is crawling happily
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
Appoint, ordain to a clerical post
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
The person is not flying through the air on a bicycle
There is no woman squeezing juice out of a lemon
Some cheerleaders are relaxing
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
make by combining materials and parts.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
take apart into constituent pieces
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing a ball
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.
A father is pulling his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is looking away
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
A man is eating onion slices
A dog is furiously chasing a ball through dirt
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
limit, keep under control, deter, forbid
decorate a manuscript with red
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
The woman is dicing onions
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.
The woman is putting away a flute
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.
The crowd is watching the football at the game
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper
give a definition for the meaning of a word.
A man is playing the flute
A man in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
A lean dog playing in tall grass.
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
There is no girl riding a horse
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a heavily graphitized wall
A girl slides down a purple slide.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
the act of improving something's quality
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
A person is not doing a trick on a slide
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
There is no woman riding a horse
A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
a vertical array of numbers or other information.
manipulate in a fraudulent manner.
A side view of a horse's head.
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
develop in a positive way.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the seashore
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
The girl is using a pencil for the eyes on her eyelid
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
The man is catching a fish
a pair of mated people, e.g., married
Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands
A dog shaking off water.
The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across the water
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
A man is sitting in the rain
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.
Dogs are running on a track
Men are sawing
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill
a quantity of money.
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
A shirtless woman is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass
The man is riding a mechanical bull
A ball is being chased by a yellow dog
A person is frying food in a pan
A cat is swimming after a tennis ball
There is no man recklessly riding a horse
preserve with sugar.
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
A cat is playing keyboards
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the brush
An elephant is being ridden by a woman
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on
A woman is dancing on a stage
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
A close up of an ostrich face.
A woman is combing her hair
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near
A song is being sung by a clown
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
A woman is putting on eyeshadow
The lady is eating slices of meat
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
Two men are fighting in a pen for cattle
cause to have an odor
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.
A boy is playing guitar
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to the snowboarders
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman
Three dogs running through a puddle.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.
Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
The man isn't operating a stenograph
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
cause to be in a state or location
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
Nobody is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
making real or concrete
A little girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on the head
A man is coming out of the water
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue
A dog is opening a jar of food
Travel on foot.
cause to happen or be responsible for.
A woman skiing down a snowy hill.
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly
reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal
A woman is playing with a brown dog in a garden
to distribute systematically or strategically.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
There is no man on a rock high above some trees standing in a strange position
A young gamer is playing with a child wearing a white coat
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is not walking near a rocky wall
to interrupt, enter uninvited
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
A grey silky dog is running in the grass and a brown dog looks on
Children in swimming suits are playing in the pool
A child rides a wooden horse.
A dog is walking away from a baby
the status or fact of being elected.
a continuous horizontal layer of brick
The woman in a red costume is not leaning against a brick wall and is not playing an instrument
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
four people are on a boat on green water.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
the act of escaping, fleeing
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy shore
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
the act of testing something.
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
A dog is catching a black frisbee
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall, snowy mountain.
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
Blue bird standing on green grass.
the act of creating an artistic work
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
women's sleeveless undergarment
The man is not walking along a path through the wilderness
A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead.
A girl is playing a flute
A baby is cheering another baby
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.
A black and white dog is carrying a big stick on the green grass
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.
A group of kids is playing on a structure which is colorful
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A player of soccer is scoring a goal
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on a snowboard
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
a boat floats in the water.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into water
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke
Two dogs play in a field.
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a car
place into the ground for growing
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
Two girls are not playing inside the jumper house
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a river
A person is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope
A girl is exercising
A man is pouring cleaner into the sink
the act of choosing, picking one among many
The bride and the groom are leaving after the wedding
the disadvantage that results from losing something.
A happy family is posing by the fireplace
The boy is playing the piano
We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said.
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
A person is folding a tortilla
A man is playing the drums
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.
A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
Two large persons are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
render one language in another language
We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a close target
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
A man is strolling in the rain
an automobile race run over public roads.
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
The kid is still in the snow
a boy falls off his red bike.
A black cat is swinging on a fan
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
A man is driving a vehicle
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
There is no dog jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
A animal is grazing in a field
A black dog is jumping out of water.
walk as if unable to control one's movements.
The badger is burrowing a hole
A dog standing near snow looking at water.
person who manages money in board games
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
The black woman is wearing glasses over the headdress
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
A shoe is being tied by a man
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
A man is riding a horse in a sandy land
A boy is talking to a leaf
The crowd is watching a football game
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
A person is boiling noodles
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
cause to move, cause to be moved
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
A young boy is jumping out of the water
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something
A woman is not cutting meat
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.
A boy has a blue face and dirt on the shirt
A black and white dog is running through the field.
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
The boy is playing in the mud
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee.
wet with a spurt of liquid.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
A little girl is hitting a baseball off a tee
the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
A small boy in a green shirt is striping a sliding tube
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
deprive of courage, hope, or optimism
cook slowly for a long time in liquid
One woman is practicing with a flute
A man on a motorcycle is turning around a corner
have sexual intercourse with.
the act of describing something.
the speech act of making something evident.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses, said Gammerman.
A man is breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces
a collection of something, often a large amount
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
Train in a station.
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
A man is strumming a guitar
a large or extra supply of something.
There is no basketball player on the court floor and no one is grabbing the ball
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
A young boy is running a race.
A small dog runs through a grassy field.
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
A person on a black motorbike is doing tricks with a jacket
A girl has black and orange patches on the cheeks
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
A cruise ship docked at shore.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
A cow is eating grass
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a gun
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
to cause to become quiet
A woman is sitting in the water.
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
Two sumo ringers are fighting
A bird is flapping its wings on the water
get or gather together.
A man is cutting a potato
The black player is making the white player a play near the end of a purple field
A bike is being held over his head by a bicyclist in a group of people
the act of giving a speech
Two dogs running in the woods.
The woman is measuring a man
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
A child is not playing slip and slide in the grass
fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
A person is making a bed
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
have a wish or desire to know something.
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
The cowboy is tossing the blue and red pants towards the horse
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
A great dog is climbing a steep hill
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
The woman is not poking holes in the potato
A football player is carrying an official past a rolling football
A man is mixing
A dog plays on the beach.
A boy is surfing and riding a wave
There is no woman cracking an egg into a bowl
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
Two people are sitting on a white bench
One man is intensely playing a guitar
At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
A young boy is jumping off a chair
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech
A man is wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
Two children go sledding.
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
Change the purpose or functioning of a system.
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.
the skateboarder jumps into the air.
A person is riding a motorcycle
One man is dancing
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
A man is drawing a picture
The men are not dancing
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
An email is being read by a man
There is no man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
The man is abruptly knocked off of a horse
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
hunt with hawks.
hit before it touches the ground.
The headlights on a blue car.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
Somebody is playing the guitar
A black dog running through water.
Two people are wading through the water
the act of changing the location of something.
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.
the act of perceiving a scent
rounded end of a bone
A boy is playing on a toy phone
A father is in the swimming pool during his daughters launch
Train going down the tracks.
A girl poses with her head upside down.
terminate an association with.
something that attains victory
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
a discipline, a branch of knowledge
There is no man dancing on the road
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.
connect or fasten into a chain by linking
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
military personnel lost by death or capture.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone path
the ground level of a multi-storied building
A person is folding a piece of paper
A sudden (emotional) outburst.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.
A man is passionately playing the guitar
The boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.
A person is performing acrobatics on a motorcycle
The puppy is playing with a plastic container
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
A man is performing stunts on a green bicycle
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man is not playing the guitar
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
Nobody is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
a distinctive style of clothing
Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
A man is playing a small flute
a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
A horse and its rider are leaping over a barrier
A guitar is being played by a kid
Two children are on a fairground ride.
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.
an area enclosed by walls or buildings
The boy is not riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk
Nobody is feeding an animal
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.
Fly in or on a glider plane
the act of informing by verbal report.
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.
A small tree is being eaten by a baby elephant
a dog shews on a big stick.
A little bird floating in the water.
make ready for action or use.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
A dog is sleeping on the ground
A dog runs through an obstacle course.
Three dogs running through water.
A person is slicing a potato
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
Large green boat floating on water.l.
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
A man is sharpening a knife
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
final stage of an event or activity
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
a knapsack, bundle on the back
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
The man is slicing bread
Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.
The south African plane is flying in a blue sky
A group of men play rugby.
A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
A young boy riding in a swing.
A man is rinsing a large steak
A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
the property of copious abundance.
ask for and get free; be a parasite.
Children play fight with swords.
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
A dog running through deep snow pack.
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.
Two men are talking
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
A black dog on a leash is walking in the water
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.
A big dog and a small white dog are playing together
A bee is taking off from a yellow flower
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain
A person by some cameras is blowing on a burning torch
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something
An instance or action of being incorrect.
a group of sheep or goats.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
There is no boy playing guitar
A dog splashes in the murky water.
Someone is not playing piano
point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
The brown dog and the red dog are frolicking on the beach
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
the positively charged dense center of an atom.
A big black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits
give suck to.
A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly
A cartoon airplane is landing
The man is not chopping a tree trunk with an axe
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
A man in a suit is not being surrounded by photographers
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
act or move at high speed.
A man is racing
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
the act of advocating or promoting something
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
The white dog runs through the ocean.
Three dogs running through the snow.
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
There is no person riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing.
A boy is running through the grass
A man is exercising
Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
A woman is playing the violin
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
The windows are being cleaned by a man
prove to be false or incorrect.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
make a hole with a pointed tool
extend in a different direction.
A red two story bus driving along the street.
A colored toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
Three bottles are on a table.
The young man is rock climbing
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
There is no man playing flute
The woman is walking the dog
A woman is unstitching with a machine
the act of dwelling in a place.
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
A large white bird swoops over water.
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
A person is burning some cameras with a blow torch
energy in the form of molecular motion
The black dog runs through the water.
direct the course of; manage or control.
A woman is walking the dog down the street
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.
A man is cutting a boot with a sword
make tight or tighter.
The woman is not handling a frog
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
a short account of the news.
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.
twice the quantity or amount of something
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.
A woman is skillfully playing a flute
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
A man is playing the guitar loudly
be pertinent or relevant or applicable.
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward
Two people are sitting on a bench
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
Some people who play soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
Someone is cleaning an animal
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of the camera
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
A small girl is getting out of a toy car
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.
an event that causes someone to die.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
A man is running down the road
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
The little girl is looking at a man in costume
run at a moderately swift pace.
lack of agreement, not harmonious
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
be equivalent, have the same effect as something
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
A man is carefully climbing a rope
A man is shooting at target practice
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
A small white dog running across a lawn.
Some cheerleaders are dancing
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass
The snowboarder is jumping off the snow
There is no man playing a game on the grass
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
change directions as if revolving on a pivot.
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
Three women are sitting in a village
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
There is no classroom full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
There is no man singing and playing the guitar
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
There is no woman riding a water scooter
Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
A sad family is posing by the fireplace
An airplane is being stationed on the ground
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth
No little dog is running on the sand
provide housing for.
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
Two dogs swimming in a pool.
A man is cutting onions
The act of arranging elements together.
Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.
A boy is effortlessly climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).
Three dogs running in the dirt.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
Two women in a sailboat.
pass over, across, or through.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
A woman is cutting an octopus
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
Two boys splashing in the surf.
a formal association of people with similar interests.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
A man in blue is riding a animal on a dirt road
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
Three men are practicing karate in a field
A dog is running on a muddy path
A married couple is walking up the aisle
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is sitting in the grass
A mountain is being climbed by two men
go one's own way; move apart.
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
A man is diving off a cliff
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
A furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
Several jumpers are swimming in the water
An animal is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing the eyes
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down a track
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
The motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at the sky
the act of starting something.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space
The person is brushing a cat
The food on the trays isn't being eaten by the kittens
A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
The military officer is barking at the recruits
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
A girl in a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes
A large white bird flying over water.
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
A woman is chopping broccoli
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
the act of dragging (pulling with force).
A boy is fearfully walking across a bridge
She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
Someone is stirring noodles in the water
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
Various customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
the act of choosing among alternatives
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
The government did not identify the taikonauts â€” a term coined from â€˜â€˜taikong,â€™â€™ the Chinese word for space â€” who would travel on the second mission.
carry out or perform an action.
Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
A bull standing in the field.
A hockey player during a game.
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
A man standing in front of a brick building.
A horse is not racing
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
The little boy is riding a bicycle in a race
A woman is cutting butter
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
A man is not riding a bicycle
something copied or derived from an original.
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.
throw with force or recklessness; cast away
the act of decreasing something markedly.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
make more complex or intricate
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
A man is not playing keyboards
No motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a motorcycle
A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
Some green boots in a puddle full of mud are targeted by a playful young child wearing a scarf
A man is carrying a tree
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected â€” 62 percent of them female.
make tracks on a surface
a small thin branch of a tree.
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something
a style and size of typeset
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
There is no person riding a jetski in the waves
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
something that is made real or concrete.
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
accept an excuse for.
Two girls are playing inside a jumper house
a boat moving in a river.
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.
act of becoming distant, moving away from
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
Black and white dog running outside.
There is nobody jumping in the air on a board
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
a military fortification, stronghold
The rhino is not grazing on the grass
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.
Two dogs play together in the yard.
A quantity of something
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
formally announce the termination of an agreement
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
form schemes in an underhand manner
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
A young child is running outside over the fallen leaves
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
A child in a green and white sports uniform is resting on the grass
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal
a dog runs through the long grass.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.
A person with a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
start to burn or burst into flames.
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
A dog is walking away from the tail of an animal in the grass
One man is feeding a mouse to the snake
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
Room with several computer monitors.
preserve in a can or tin.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
A black man is skillfully break dancing on the pavement
Two men are walking through the water
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
system of arrangement
A deer is jumping over a cyclone fence
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
There is no monkey riding a bike
Birds fly low over water.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area behind a tree
Train pulling into a station.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
Men are sawing logs
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.
The black and white dog is jumping for the ball
The woman is not putting pasta into a dish
There is no water being drunk by a cat
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
Three teenage girls are idling in the room
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
Three men are not staring at the big green hills in the distance
A man is freeing a fish
A brown dog running through grass.
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
a dog runs across the grass.
the quality of being of practical use.
make a short, sharp sound
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
The guitar is being played by a lady
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
A chimp is angrily kicking a target
A woman is riding a scooter towards the water
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.
a retail store with merchandise for sale
The man is playing an acoustic guitar
A dog leaps over a barrier.
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
The players is maneuvering for the ball
The action of opposing some other social or military force.
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
Two dogs running through sand.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background.
role or function of the head of a government department
The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
Tony's not feeling well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
A man is mowing a lawn
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
a group of dogs playing
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
A boy is looking at a calendar
The group of people is sitting on the ground outside a monument
make a written note of.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is resting in the yard
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
A brown dog is jumping in the air
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
A double decker bus on a city street.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
A man is cutting the tape on the box
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
The woman is adding cheese to the sauce
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
Two dogs are playing with a small red ball
A deer is jumping over a fence
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
The brown horse is very near a red barrel at the rodeo
cause to turn on an axis or center.
Some boys being dressed with a carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos 
A gray dog runs along the green grass.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from the ground
Cover or back with foil.
A brown and white dog running into the water
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop
subsist on a meager allowance.
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
the center region of an object
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
mark with scars
Give a performative affectation to (something).
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
a wet dog chasing a white ball
A woman is not chopping garlic
The dogs are running through the yard.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition
The man is not playing the drums
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
Nobody is slicing a tomato
Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
The black dog is sprinting through the grass
There is no woman frying something
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
A baby is talking
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
A family is not purchasing something at a vending machine
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
a business firm that publishes newspapers.
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
Two people are looking at a gold statue
a measurable or quantitative decrease
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
a statement, an idea expressed in language
have a monopoly of; control fully
An electronic storage device.
a momentary brightness.
provide a seat or base for
(cause to) come apart, separate, or split
The man is cooking sauce for the meat
touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..
the act of flipping an object into the air
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
Two boys are playing flag football.
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
A man is not talking on the phone
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
the act of disturbing the mind or body.
imagine; form a mental picture of something
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
A small boy is scolding a dog
A dog with a golden coat is in the water
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a street
The cat is licking milk from a saucer
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball.
fix to; attach.
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.
position or location change
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
move with a thrashing motion.
The kittens are eating the food on the trays
A young blonde child holding an airplane.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
The man is swimming in a body of water near a waterfall
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
assign to a specific task.
The recruits are barking at the military officer
Four people are walking across thick snow and the sun is setting
Some water is being casually drunk by a cat
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
fly in or as if in a glider plane.
There is no man driving a car
A little girl is smiling and running out of the house
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near a wooded area
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
administer or bestow, as portions
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
People travel up the elevator together.
the quality of dissimilarity
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
A person with a green shirt is jumping onto the grass
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
the state of being in effect or being operative.
There is no man chopping a log with an axe
A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase
Man rowing a boat.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
a social set or clique of friends
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
tag the base runner to get him out.
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
join or attach with or as if with glue.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
A man is singing and playing the guitar
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the lawn
The man is skillfully playing the guitar
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree
Two poodles are in the snow and one is lying down
A person in pink is running onto the field
Nobody is rinsing a steak with water
The child is silent
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk
the money
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
The man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of the dog
Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a water bottle
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary, said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
A girl is standing next to the opening of a fountain
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
A bicycle in a dining room.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday.
A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of a crowd 
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains 
A man is putting away a guitar
human legs, informal usage
A person is frying meat in a pan
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
place or set apart.
There is no lady cutting up some meat
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl
an impetuous rush toward someone or something.
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
provoke or stir up.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
form a carpet-like cover (over).
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
be equal to in quality or ability.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.
The woman is dicing garlic
get the meaning of something.
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
The cat is playing with a watermelon
a white dog runs across the water.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.
A man is sitting on a sidewalk
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
A male is dancing
A man is riding a mechanical bull
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
characteristic call of an animal
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
A girl is tapping her fingernails
allow to have.
devote oneself to a special area of work.
A man is talking
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
There is the real potential for a secondary collapse, Gov. James McGreevey said.
design for a specific purpose
There is no child holding a water gun or getting sprayed with water
A small girl is riding in a toy car
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
smother, surpress or lessen something
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
The black dog is not walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A woman is talking to a man
The boys are not standing in front of the burning car
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
A brown dog is running through a snowy trail
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
A squirrel is running in circles
continue to live, exist, or prosper
be a factor or play a role in something
There is no man playing two keyboards
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
The parrot is talking into the microphone
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
A black dog with a red collar is amusedly putting its face in the water
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
A black man is running in brown grass and racing a dog
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
the event of something being raised upward.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
There is no dog running in the grass
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass
The woman is poking a potato
cause to be interested or curious.
Someone is slicing a tomato
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
Two dogs are playing with each other
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
A man is doing exercises
A surfer is falling off the wave
a black dog digging through the snow.
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
a state or act of gaining pleasure
someone who takes photographs professionally.
Older woman holding newborn baby.
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
Three people are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a marching band
move freely (usually within a bounded space)
A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
There is no man running down the road
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
alphanumeric sequence used for identification
A woman is cutting a lemon
the act of combining, blending, integrating
appoint someone to (a position or a job).
the act of committing a crime.
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
Two dogs run on the grass.
an agent or company that insures something
Children in swimming suits are playing in the water
the act of spending, disbursing funds
The man is slicing vegetables
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
the status of being a champion.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
cause to run in panic.
A boy is jumping on the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A baby is sitting
Two people playing on a snowy hill.
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful
A person is cutting some ginger
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
The cop is sitting on a police bike
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
state or explain the meaning
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp
A dog plays in the water.
Small children are getting off a statue in a park
A girl is pushing a go-kart and a daughter is watching her father
Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.
The black bird is not sitting in a leafless tree
A boy in a red shirt is in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera
A blue train in a mountainous area.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
remove shells or husks from.
This dog is jumping through the water.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.
A child cavorts on the road.
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
There is no man loading a rifle with bullets
Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
No lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard.
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
end of the American Revolution
There is no dog racing on a track
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
A man is playing the piano
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
a dog sprints across the grass.
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside a river
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
partake or provide a banquet
The man is putting away the camera and walks away from the beach
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A little girl is frowning and taking off a fake nose and glasses
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
A large green colored ball is hitting a potato
make impure; make radioactive
A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
One young lady is jumping on the car
A big black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
become master of, overcome, dominate
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
A person is bowling the ingredients to the man at the mixer
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
A person is strongly whisking eggs in a bowl
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
A white dog running in the snow.
anything illusory, not concrete or real
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
The brown dog is running on the grass.
I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.
A bike rider on a ramp.
something serving as a cover or protection.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
the rate of increase in size per unit time.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.
A child is experiencing a new world
A child is playfully swimming underwater in a pool
A man is untying a rope
We think they have the right to choose.
Intend something to move toward a certain goal
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
The state of being absent.
A man is doing physical activity
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
the state of being unsure of something.
Two men with bikes are on the side of a snowy road
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
A white dog running on sand.
There is no little girl playing the piano
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
Someone is not stirring chili in a kettle
A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree
to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.
A horse is being ridden by a girl
A dog running through a creek.
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are investigating
An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop.
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
hurl as if with a sling.
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
the act of giving someone a job.
provide veterinary care for.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
make reference to.
remove a constituent from a liquid.
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
The girl is sitting on the sofa and crocheting
And I really liked him, and I still do.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
make lighter or brighter.
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
The woman is not walking the dog
Two boys on a couch are reading a book
become or make oneself fresh again.
A person is standing in front of a rock with a rope, which is pink
A man is dancing on the floor
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
The oriental lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.
A brown puppy is biting a pole
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
A young child with black hair is deleting a picture from the camera
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.
obtain or provide money for.
There is no white car being driven by the man
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
Some water is being drunk by a cat
take up with the tongue.
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.
reason or establish by deduction
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
Two dogs are playing outside
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
The man is sitting next to a birdcage
A man is running
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
A man is shooting with a bow
thread on or as if on a string.
A group of people is standing on both sides of a red stone structure
create a mess or disorder
A man is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
cause to adopt a new or different faith.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike down a dirt hill
But they donâ€™t realize that until itâ€™s too late (of course) because theyâ€™re potential victims in a horror movie.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
The basketball player holds the ball.
a state of being elevated or raised
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
A dog zips along the beach.
A dog is running on the sea shore
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
come as if by falling.
The man on stage isn't singing into the microphone
Two cats on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
A young boy is quickly jumping off a chair
cover with or as if with a cloak.
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
Discipline in personal or social activities.
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
a dog jumps into the pond.
The person is walking
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
a straight length of road or racetrack
A man is cutting a boot with a blade
A passenger train sits in the station.
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
Two boys are playing a video game
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
People and camels at a beach.
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
The young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
Three dogs are resting on a sidewalk
The appropriate or desirable thing.
the act of forcing out someone or something.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
The lady is cracking an egg into a bowl
separate with or as if with an instrument.
The tall person is setting fire to the cameras
A dog is pulling a monkey's tail
The person is not standing on white ice
The animal is grazing on the grass
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
Men are running a race
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
A man is cutting a paper
A person is peeling an onion
A woman is cooking food in a pot of hot water
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
A person is not chopping an onion
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
Left side of a silver train engine.
Two dogs playing on the beach.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
A rhino is grazing in a field
the event of something ending.
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
A man is strumming the guitar
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
A dog is fetching a piece of wood out of very clear water
No race car is on a road in front of a grassy parking area
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).
A dog in a colored coat is running across the yard
Two people are sailing a small boat.
move or change one's own position or quality
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
An onion is being sliced by the woman
A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
A yellow dog is chasing a ball
A boy is checking a calendar
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
Two dogs on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
Look through a book or some other written material (for information).
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
There is no man standing next to a bus
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.
Nobody is riding a bike
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
A large duck is flying over a rocky stream
alter the shape of (something) by stress.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
There is no woman slicing a fish
A man is shooting with a gun
A man is not mowing a lawn
correct by punishment or discipline.
the noise of something rapping against a surface
A flat screen TV on the floor.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)
A close up view of a bottle of water.
There is no man standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a mask
A girl is not playing the guitar
Two children and an adult are not standing next to a tree limb
The act of copying the actions of someone else.
look at or observe something or someone
A white race car is driving through a puddle
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A brown dog biting a horse's leg.
A bunch of people is on the shore
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
There is no dog running up a grassy hill
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
any affliction that causes great suffering.
There is no man playing a bamboo flute
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
A dog is running with a ball
Children looking a sheep.
The furry brown dog is not running through the grassy area
(cause to) move gently back and forth
go around the rim of
A girl blows on a dandelion.
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
An aircraft is taking off
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
Two white cats are playing with a brown dog and a ball
stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
Somebody is jumping in the air on a board
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.
A man is catching a fish
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white hurdle
let or cause to fall in drops.
The act of searching for or buying goods or services.
A woman is playing with a brown cat on a garden path
Red sports car racing down track.
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
Two people diving into a body of water.
The girl is lounging
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A dog is running through the ocean.
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
a serving of a beverage
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
A big green ball is knocking a potato
A woman is walking off a stage
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
maintain or assert.
move to a lower position, terminate something
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
A man is shooting with a weapon
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
go on a campaign or off to war
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
A child, who is young, is wearing a white coat and playing a game
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.
give someone credit for something.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
Two dogs playing in snow.
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
a bus driving in a street.
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
A cat looking out of a window.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
There is no girl playing the piano
The bike is being ridden by a girl in a strange outfit
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
a method for solving a problem
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep
A dog is having fun with a toy
A man is riding a motorcycle
A dog is losing a ball on the grass
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
A small dog is lying on a bed
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
be a sign or indication of.
People are grouping at a stand at the fair
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with a pinwheel
A girl is communicating with sign language
A young girl sliding down a black pole.
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the busâ€™ radio.
Two young women sit by a fountain.
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
A black girl with no bikini is wearing a hat at the beach
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
The presentation is being attended by a classroom of students
A man and a woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.
Frank Quattrone is innocent, Keker said in a statement.
A boy is playing a piano
per centum
A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on top of a circular fountain
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
A woman is clumsily putting meat in a pan
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers
The machine is not shaving a pencil
Someone is cooking okra in a pan
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
A large black dog runs along the green grass.
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
insert or close with a plug
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
A person is doing a trick with some cards
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
A young boy is jumping onto a chair
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river
A girl is playing the guitar
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
A young child is splashing in the water
The person is doing a handstand on the beach.
A dog's tail is being pulled by a monkey
A group of boys is playing soccer on the beach
close with a snapping motion.
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
The man is playing the guitar
A boy is practicing the keyboard
make (more) comprehensible
Two men are taking a break from work
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm
The man is not dancing
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
A woman is peppering green slices
A dog runs on brown grass.
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.
A little boy in blue shorts, glasses, and a coat stands in the surf.
A man is arranging the garden
The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
A dog is walking along a snowdrift
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
Two animals are running through the park
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
A girl dances on a sidewalk.
A man is athletically jumping a wall
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
A dalmation is running along the beach.
hit a fly (baseball)
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
Some children are playing on a playground
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way, he said.
A black poodle plays in the snow.
Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard.
give to a charity or good cause.
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
make a certain noise or sound.
A football player is running past an official carrying a football
A basketball player is on the court floor and another one is grabbing the ball
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat
Two dogs ankle-deep in water.
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain.
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
There is no woman breaking eggs in a bowl
There is no man with a camera studying the subject
Two pandas are not lying together
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
The man is putting away the guitar in the guitar case
Two girls are happily playing inside a jumper house
Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.
the act of protesting, dissenting
Two men standing on beach.
a channel for communication between groups.
A dog racing on a track.
A young couple is sleeping in bed
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
A man climbing a rock-face.
A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
The dog is running through a field.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
There are no dogs fighting for a frisbee in a lake
A chef is discarding some food
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is seated beside her
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
A dog lying on its back in the sand.
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
Swimmers are racing in a lake
the act of constructing something.
signify or mean to express or convey
catch in or as if in a trap.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a green mat
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
a thrusting weapon, as a sword
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near a brown dog
A person is dancing in the rain
Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.
A green bus drives down a road.
A person above their surfboard on the water.
The dog is licking a bottle
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
Two dogs are running through the park
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut
A man is spitting
Two dogs are being petted by a man
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping behind a water fountain
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron
A bird flies above the water.
Two dogs are playing on a beach made of rocks
There is no man in a grey t-shirt sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm.
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
A woman is crouching and holding a camera
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A dog is catching a ball in mid air
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
A group of people are dancing at a concert
the state of being suspected.
There is no girl in blue jumping in the air
lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in the garden
cause to march or go at a marching pace.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a close target
Some cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
A person is planting a tree
A family is purchasing something at the vending machine
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.
The skateboarder is jumping in the air
Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
A man isn't pouring oil on the tomatoes.
an indicator that orients you generally.
A woman is grating carrots
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
Four children looking at barn animals.
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.
the reduction of something's value or worth.
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
The men are talking
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking up
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
A plant structure near the top of the plant.
The black dog is not running through the grass
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
A dog with a ball is being chased in the grass
They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said.
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
A tiger is pacing around a cage
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
A race care driving along a dirt road.
There is no child playing with a water spout outdoors with the rest of his family watching
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
A living room with a dining table in the background.
A guy is cheerfully playing with a footbag
The riders are fencing in a boy's metal bike
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with an internet camera
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
A person is pouring olive oil into the stove from a pot
The snowboarder is not jumping off a snow covered hill
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
A woman is staging a dance
There are no people flipping the tires of a tractor
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
The act of talking about the features of something.
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length
A tan puppy being held and petted.
A cat standing on tree branches.
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.
the act of providing help or aid to someone
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch
Two black puppies are playing near a pool
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
A boy riding on a swing.
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the snow
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
A soccer player is missing a goal
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.
A guy on a white horse.
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside
a person who cleans chimneys
A man stands in front of a train.
Young boys running along the pavement.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative â€” but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
A top violin player is standing on the roof over a man
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
the state of being depleted.
Some ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children
A man is playing a violin
A woman with her child.
A light brown dog is running in the water
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other
A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope
Small dog chews on a big stick.
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black.
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
A person on a bike is in the air near a body of water
Two dogs play in shallow water.
stamp or emboss with a block
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
Some liquid is being poured into a pan by a man
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
A red double decker bus on a city street.
A person is singing and playing the guitar
(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass
A woman is painting a man's face
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
A man and a woman are walking nicely
become hard or harder.
A boy is happily playing the piano
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army
the part played by a person in bringing about a result.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
Some people and vehicles are on a almost empty street
speed up the process of
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
break down, literally or metaphorically.
A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.
A boy is playing a wind instrument
Two children are not playing soccer in the park
A group of men is playing with a ball on the beach
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
the tallied points of a game, at a given time
Three small dogs are sniffing at something
A person who rides bikes, in a black and red uniform, is standing on a dirt bike
There is no guy mowing the lawn
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
make or become wider or more extensive
Two kids playing with a dog.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
A woman is slicing some meat
A dog is running on a snowy path
A man with a shirt is holding a football
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball.
The dog runs through the water.
The plane is landing
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so, chief executive Marce Fuller said.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.
A man is playing a piano
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment
maintain with or as if with a bet.
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
A woman is playing volley ball.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
An eggplant is being sliced by a woman
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O MuireagÃ¡in was a member, welcomed his release.
There is no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in shallow water
An old man with a grey beard is riding a bike
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.
A relation of affinity or harmony between people.
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
The man with the dyed purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person stands behind it
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
Admit to testing/proof
a person who takes pictures, often a professional
Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.
A large brown dog is jumping over a red hurdle
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
facility for secure storage of things, often money
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
A woman is chopping up garlic
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.
The man is cutting cooked octopus
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is standing on a dirt bike
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
A few men in a competition are running outside
A man is mixing vegetables in a pot
A man with his bike amid a demolished building.
A person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by
a person under the guardianship or custody of another
A homeless man is putting down a sign and refusing some charity
Two dogs jumping on each other.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
take possession of by force, as after an invasion.
A cat is playing a keyboard
A man is singing into a microphone
recover, return to former state
a disagreement or argument about something important.
Two children playing in the snow.
a skateboarder grinds a rail.
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
There is no dog bouncing on a trampoline
a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).
become liquid or fluid when heated.
The woman in the white sweater is drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
A state of confusion or disorder.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching
Someone is cutting a tomato
There is no woman dancing in a cage
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
The orange colored dices are being cast by a cook to win the pepper
We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
stretch out completely.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
A harp is being played by a man
observe, perceive
Many football players sitting on the ground.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string
A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.
A man is rowing a canoe
The man is walking along a track through the wilderness
(Cause to) strike the air in flight.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
how something is done or how it happens.
The herd of caribous is not crossing a road
apply a plaster cast to.
A boy and a girl are playing on the outdoor gym
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
make small marks into the surface of.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
A child in orange is playing outdoors with a snowball
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the â€œvictimâ€ of a fraud.
organize (the production of something) into an industry.
The football players are working on stretching their legs.
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
move (as if) by lowering
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
Women are sawing logs
play on a string instrument with a bow.
the activity of learning or being trained
A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
A group of people are dancing in a show
The woman is taking up and holding a baby kangaroo
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by a man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by a man
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.
Two dogs running in a field.
The man is playing a flute
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.
Someone is playing piano
A girl is running with a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans
A person is playing a keyboard
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
A black and a yellow dog
An ice skater is outdoors performing on a rink full of people
To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar.
A classroom is empty
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
There is no man squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
A boy looking at a computer screen.
Two cats are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
A man and a woman are smiling.
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
A man and a woman are silent
Someone is playing with a frog
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.
A girl is eating a cupcake
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
Four dogs splashing in the water
A child in a green and white uniform for sports is running over the grass
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
There is no young boy playing a wind instrument
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
The player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
The dog runs through the snow.
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
There is no dog which is furry and black in a back yard carrying a basket in its mouth.
Two brown dogs running through water.
A young girl running on the beach.
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking, surrounded by wilderness.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.
the act of administering medication.
sink to a lower level; descend
Fish is being fried by a woman
There is no man slicing a tomato
A red, double-decker bus.
The black dog is running through the grass
The woman is playing a flute
A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
The man is practicing the guitar
restore to a previous or better condition.
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
Some people are sitting on the ground outside a monument
The man is kick boxing with a trainer
Two crocodiles are floating in a green colored swimming pool near some playing kids
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place, he said.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).
the head of a city government.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
A girl is doing a manicure
A man is walking slowly across a bridge made of rope
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands
A snowboarder is jumping off the snow
A girl in pink is twirling a ribbon
A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
There is no boy standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
shoot down, of birds.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
The deer is jumping over the fence
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road
A tiger is not walking around
an intense surprise, often unpleasant
cite as an authority; resort to.
A young occidental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
A man is wearing a hard hat and dancing
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
A dog is playing on the green grass
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
12th month of the calendar year
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.
A boy is comfortably sitting in a room and playing a piano by a lamp
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
A woman resting her face on her hand.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a sunny day
A white dog is running through the snow.
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
sound with resonance.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
A woman is showing a puppy to an infant
adherence to moral principles
A deer jumping over a fence.
Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough, Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
A boy is rock climbing.
The dog is in the air above the grass.
A man is cutting a box
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
write as if with print; not cursive.
A machine is sharpening a pencil
A man is standing beside a birdcage which is large and colorful
A woman is beating the man that is keeping two eggs in the bowl, using a wire whisk 
The man is doing floor exercises
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman
A little girl is peddling a scooter
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching a tennis ball
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
A collie running through the snow.
The black dog is climbing on a rock
A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
A man is whacking a boy with a sword
Jeremy's a good guy, Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
The white dog runs across the snow.
A small dog runs through a field.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
A tan skinned kid is looking at the camera
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
A child with his hands on his head.
show to be invalid.
There is no brown dog jumping in the air
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
An old woman is shaking hands with a man
A woman is carefully deboning a fish
A man is falling off a mechanical bull
A close up of a brown faced cat.
The potato is being peeled by a woman
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave.
A man is playing the guitar owner
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a field
A dog is running on the grass and chasing a ball
The child is playing with toys indoors
a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.
The man is not putting chicken into the container
make pure or free from sin or guilt.
Some girls in their teens are dancing for the camera
the condition of living or the state of being alive.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
The woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
Three goats are chased by a dog.
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration
the activity of supplying or providing something.
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
move faster, or cause to move faster
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about
An animal is emerging from a lake
equip with a fuse
A young woman is shaking hands with a man
The man is not cutting a paper plate
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard in the back
A biker is riding away from a fence
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
make even or more even.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
disentangle and raise the fibers of.
Unrestricted freedom to use something.
The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
There is no seabird flying over some rocks
There is no man riding an electric bicycle
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
the popular taste at a given time.
A lemur is hanging on a cord
rightful portion or stake of something
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
make pure or free from sin
room where work or repairs are done
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with a brush
A man is playing the guitar
snatching or capturing a freely moving object
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into the grass
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
A person is putting meat into a skillet carelessly
start abruptly.
The brown dog is playing outdoors
A grey silky dog is lying in the grass and a brown dog is looking on
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
A black and orange bird is standing in the grass
A man on a bike is riding on the shore
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Children are playing in a fountain that is spraying water from the ground
An event that causes someone or something to die.
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
Several old people are posing for a photo and holding beers
the apparent condition or state of something
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
a dog trots through the grass.
A person is crouching and holding a camera
Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.
put up with something or someone (unpleasant)
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
Man and child skiing.
the act of damaging something or someone.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
the act or event of ending a process, state, situation
A small white dog is running in a lawn
Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar
A fish is being cut by a man
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
a mental activity of construing or interpreting
have faith in, bet on
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
state of being active, bustling about
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
learn, assimilate a body of knowledge
A boy is throwing away a calendar
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
A black dog is running along the beach.
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
a computer-generated visual image
A person is not playing the keyboard
The boy is wading through the blue ocean
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
give interlinear explanations or citations for text
The girl, who is little, is swinging and the woman is standing behind
A girl in a strange outfit is riding the bike
sink to a lower level or form a depression.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
Runners are not taking part in the race
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
come into the possession of.
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
People are walking inside a building that has many murals on it
It was a brazen attempt at intimidation, said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
the finger next to the thumb.
regard something as probable or likely.
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
Some people are treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
A person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
A white dog running through the snow
make less severe or harsh.
A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands
line, cover
A man in a red jacket is standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean
a stiffener in a garment
contain or hold; have within.
the act of providing incentive to someone
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
A human utters words loudly and forcefully.
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
There is no man massaging a woman
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A man is sitting on a boat in font of the sunset, near a flag
The log is lying on the panda bear
A man and a woman are running together and holding hands
A man on a horse is riding on a track and waving
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
play a stringed instrument with a bow
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.
365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.
A black dog with a red collar is putting its face in the water
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
The girl in the blue and white uniform isn't cheering
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
A person on a bmx bike.
A blond girl is riding the waves
Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.
The kangaroo is picking up the woman
The woman is waterskiing
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near a brown reindeer
make high-pitched sounds.
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla
A young child is barefoot and is walking past a puddle full of mud
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
An animal is barking at a ball
A man is riding a horse on the beach
Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
an instance of halting some motion
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
People riding horses in a fenced area.
A woman is playing the flute
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
alternate dramatically between high and low values.
the act of hiring something or someone.
have faith or confidence in.
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
People stand outside watching something.
A woman is watching the lake
It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.3.500	Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
A boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
Four athletes are with a person in a crowded stadium
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome
Two young children are walking across an open field.
A deer is jumping over a wall
Black dog running very fast.
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
make up something fictional or untrue
A violin is being played by a man
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
A girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
Grass is being mowed by a man
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
an image that is generated by a computer.
feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
Two people in two chairs are talking
The cat is licking a shallow dish full of milk
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
pronounce with an initial sibilant.
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
act of constructing
A blonds girl is surfing
A man is standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
A yellow dog in the snow.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
Two children are playing soccer in the park
Two people are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.
A woman is putting away the garlic
Two dogs standing in the snow.
There is no person setting fire to the cameras
A kid is playing the piano
A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is not watching her
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
The lady is dicing onions
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball.
The small child is not wading through the water and is not being guided by another person
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.
A boy is running through the sand
A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
A woman is cutting a vegetable
A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
A little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
injure by turning or rotating
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a puddle of rain
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail
The act of indicating or pointing out by name.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a woman with grey hair
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park
cause to become awake or conscious.
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
A child is amazedly experiencing a new world
Two children are playing in the surf
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize
indistinct vocal articulations
It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.3.600	In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.2.800	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.3.000	The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.4.600	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
The hungry woman is eating
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
Performance, routine
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
depict or portray in art, words, or model
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A woman is adding spices to some meat
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
The woman is pouring oil into a skillet
produce buds, branches, or germinate.
the act of clipping, cutting
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
There is no man wiping the edge of a bowl
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
cause (a computer) to execute a single command.
speed up the progress of; facilitate.
A dog runs through a very wooded area.
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
the assertion of a proposition offered as true
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
A kangaroo is picking up the woman's baby
react to in a certain way.
the nature, makeup or constitution of something
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
A man is eating near the kittens
There is no man cutting a rope with a sword
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).
The surfer is riding a big wave
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.
a border or boundary of an object
A brown dog running through the grass.
A man in a black hat is touching a cardboard box
A man is playing guitar next to a drummer
cause to come to the ground.
Two people sitting on a dock.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
Children in swimming suits are not playing in the water
A bike is being ridden by a person
A dog is running through the snow
Three people racing on ice skates.
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
look through a book or other written material.
A woman is playing an electric guitar
We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
The man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
There is no man riding a horse
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics.
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
A woman is cutting a fish
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
Parked white double decker bus.
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow
the introductory portion of a story
touch or hold with the hands
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the field
settlement of people distant from their homeland
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
induce into action by using one's charm.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
an onerous worry or concern
Two girls walking in the ocean.
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
the tactile (touch) quality something has
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
Butter is being chopped into a container by a man
A cat is jumping into a container
People wearing costumes are scattering in a forest and are looking in different directions
A kid is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
a group of skiers going up a mountain
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
A woman is putting the baby into a trash can
A woman is removing the peel of a potato
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
A dog is jumping through the water.
a local announcement made within a public broadcast
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve
cost or monetary value of goods or services
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
The little cat is playing with a toy
the action of placing or situating an object
There is no man slicing a potato
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
The woman is drawing a man
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
A woman is boiling eggs
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
A tiger is walking around
an acknowledgment of appreciation.
place or lay as if in a pile
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
Two dogs playing in a yard.
The men are fighting with their fists in a ring
There is no rhino grazing on the grass
An animal is biting a person's finger
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
the act of losing someone or something.
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
combine so as to form a more complex product
The black dog is walking through the tall grass
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
terminate, end, or take out.
A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
increase in amount, extent, or intensity
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
A blond child is holding a yellow bottle
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
a man plays his white guitar.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
A man is powerfully kicking a soccer ball
fill with high spirits
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
make an image or sound clearer; put into focus
IÂ´m very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from TuesdayÂ´s referendum were counted.
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
Two dogs play on the grass.
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.
There is no woman slicing an onion
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
There is no woman standing near three children
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
cause to spread in another part of the world.
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
A family, which looks happy, is posing by the fireplace
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
A person is dicing an onion
The kids are not chasing each other in the sand
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
A man is playing a wooden flute
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
The man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
be the host of or for.
A man is painting a woman's face
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake.
A man in a purple colored suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
A guitar is being played by a baby
We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death.
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
A man kayaks in rough water.
a movement back from an impact.
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
A person is sitting on a mountain top
a specific size and style of type within a type family.
change (dramatically) between high and low values
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
The study subject is a camera man
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
The person is slicing a vegetable
Two dogs play in the grass.
A monkey is pulling a dog's tail
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another person
Living room or den with large screen television.
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
There is no dog rolling from side to side
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
a black dog swimming through a river.
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.
A man is chopping butter into a container
any likeness of a person, in any medium.
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
A white plane on the runway.
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
The man is not hammering a nail with a camera
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.
There is no man mixing
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.
A bird flies across the water.
the state of being in working order
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
A woman is slicing a tomato
A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog
A lady is putting on makeup
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
to make less distinct or clear.
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
The man's jumper is in the empty pool
Two people are riding a motorcycle
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
A little girl is smiling and running outside
The south African plane is not flying in a blue sky
A panda is climbing
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
The man in the hat is smoking a straw cigarette
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers, said McKechnie.
billow up in the form of a cloud.
A tennis player hitting the ball.
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.
Four dogs playing in the snow.
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
 have sex with
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
A large sheep standing on a hill.
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
A man is being hit by a kid with a weapon
The girl is standing on the couch and crocheting
Five kids are standing close together and none of the kids has a gun
A couple is looking at a map
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing
[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
Change one for another
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something
Two men wearing bike helmets.
completely use up a resource
The black and white dog is running indoors
(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
make more intense, stronger, or more marked.
A man is getting into an automobile
A deer is standing inside a fence
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
The woman is slicing an onion
spare in quality or quantity
Some persons are singing
take action or behave in a certain way
The black dog is running through the grass.
The person is drawing
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators, Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.
The group of people is sitting on a rocky ledge and a scenic view is behind them
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.
pass by, over, or under without making contact.
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
find the solution to or understand the          meaning of
(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
Provide medical care for.
There is no dog walking along a snowdrift
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
A baby is not crawling happily
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths
The boy is spraying the plants with water
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
There is no girl applying makeup to her face
A little boy is playing a guitar
Two dogs are playing on a beach
A young couple is not lying in bed
believe to be the case.
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
Two men are playing table tennis
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
A girl is naked and is standing on the grass
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
incite action, cause an event
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors
a decorative container, often for holding flowers
A child going down an inflatable slide.
A woman is riding an animal
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
Someone is reading the email
The man is funnily playing the piano with his nose
A brown dog is running across the yard with a toy in its mouth
A brown dog running after a young cow.
A motorcycle is being ridden by a man
a social occasion, often official or formal
A man in a hat is pacing through a store
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
A group of men playing brass instruments.
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.
cause animals to move
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
A woman is not slicing an onion
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
adhering to moral principles.
Three boys are jumping off a platform
A baby is playing with a dog 
The dog is not catching a blue ball
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
Write a computer programme.
Bind or join (as if) with cement.
The brown and white dog is in the water.
A shirtless man rock climbs.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man
There is no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for a camera
conform to a metrical pattern.
changing one thing for another
The woman is not dicing garlic
Yellow boat on a beach.
A small monkey is walking through water
A group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water
Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
the act of directing attention, resources to something
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
The white bird is landing swiftly in the water
Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.
There is no man eating a bowl of cereal
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
the act of forecasting or predicting something
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg
The guitar player is loving one girl
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
a negative or undesirable aspect of something
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in the distance
People are clustered around a bonfire at night
make undue claims to having.
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
Boat sails in rough water.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is dropping a bucket
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
A little white dog running through the sand.
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
recognize, be familar or well-versed with
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
cover with liquid before cooking.
reduce the price of something
A child in the snow.
The family is posing by a mantel and a Christmas tree
A blond girl waves while she is riding
The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding a blue ball
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.
A man is performing a jump on a bicycle
A woman is squeezing a lemon
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
There is no man in a red uniform making a jump in a dirt bike race
A man and a woman are not driving down the street in a jeep
A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half.
A woman is cooking prawns
A man is holding a big animal in one hand
The two boys play in the field.
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
A prawn is being cut by a woman
travel; make a tour of a place
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe.
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
A woman is slicing a green pepper
The black and white dog is running in a field
A bird flying over the water.
The man isn't playing the piano
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
A woman is not talking on a telephone
The blond girl is dancing behind the sound equipment
A man picking up a big rock.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
The subject is being studied by a man with a camera
Some runners are competing in a race
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken
scoop up, as if with a ladle
A young boy is playing a wind instrument
Three dogs are running in a field.
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
A black dog asleep in a car.
The panda bear is resting on the logs
One person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event
make noise like bad engine
A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A dog chases another by a tree.
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid
BASEBALL: strike out a batter
A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
Two children are shown upside down.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball
put in a particular place or abstract location
Two dogs are running through a green yard
give surety or assume responsibility.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A little dog is slowing down and the owner is quitting chasing it
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
remove to or from a place or situation
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles
A kid is splashing in the pool
The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course.
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
There are no children playing and waiting
A person is playing a guitar and singing
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl
find, determine the place of
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.
Three children playing in snow.
A woman is frying something
A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
prefer or wish to do something.
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied
bubble over with a certain feeling
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
An animal is looking around
a state of pretending to be someone, something else
Three teenage girls are dancing in the room
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
Two dogs are running quickly through the park
The man with a hard hat is dancing
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
The upper part of a column.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the court
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
A girl is playing on a toy phone
a casual or unexpected convergence.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
A cat reclines on an office chair.
Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
Two men are fighting in a pasture for cows
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people is following her
An animal is biting someone's finger
Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer, it said.
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is standing on the tennis court
The players is maneuvering for the soccer ball
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
the characteristic utterance of an animal.
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring the front of the class
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
Two children jumping into a body of water.
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
A kid is cutting grass with scissors
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
A man is mindlessly slicing the carrot with a machine
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street.
A man is slicing onions
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A girl is hitting a little tee with a baseball
A group of boys is not playing soccer on the beach
The man is painting
a type of military aircraft
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.
A little boy is in a tire
A man is rinsing a large piece of meat
A woman and three men are denying a photo
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy beach
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
Two smiling women holding a baby.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
A man is riding a motorbike
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
There is no person boiling noodles
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism, he said.
A child in water.
(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a cloth on the street
The doctors are reviving a man
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
The little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
 cause or permit to fall to the ground
become quiet or still; fall silent.
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.
The man is erasing the other man's work from the panel
The dog is knocking a boy into the water
A man is singing to a woman
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
A seated woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
put or store in a bottle
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
Two dogs run through mud.
(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.
A brown dog is running on a rock.
A man is taking pictures of a lake
People are walking through a street which is crowded
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
A dog is leaping through the grass.
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
A person in a black hat is reaching for a box
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Brown dog splashing into the water.
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man
The sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino
Tambourines are being played by a group of children
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
Two young women are not sparring in a kickboxing fight
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
A dog is lying on a trampoline
A woman is frying some food
A man is riding an electric bicycle
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
A seabird is flying over some rocks
appear or become visible; make a showing.
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
the act of referring or consulting.
The large brown dog is not running outside in the dirt
A man is crying
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and a nobody is in the background
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
become unfit for consumption or use.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing
recite as a chant, intone
A black dog is playing in the snow.
The panda bear is not lying on the logs
A squirrel is spinning around in circles
A tiger is walking around with no aim
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
travel in front of, be first, precede
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
take vows, join or allow to join a religious order
A kid swimming in the ocean is tossing a coin into the pool, near the man
The lady is cracking an egg into a dish
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
A boy is saying a word
A person is tearing paper
A dog is licking a baby
A man is pouring oil into a skillet
There is no man in a hat playing a harp
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
An animal is running tiredly in circles
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.
A police officer directs traffic on a city street.
A man with a jersey is dunking the ball at a basketball game
Some men are running a race
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
The woman and the man are travelling by car
express or transform in a new form or language
the state of inactivity following an interruption.
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
A means or agency by which something is communicated.
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
There are no women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
Two pandas are lying together
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
The woman is not waterskiing
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight
A woman on a rock is standing and looking around
Two women posing with a baby.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.
A skateboarder on a city street.
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
draw from specific cases for more general cases.
One woman is slowly peeling a potato
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
Three kids are sitting in the leaves
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
gather, as of natural products.
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously
the act of winding or twisting.
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
The brown dog is running in the snow
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
A woman is performing in the rain
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
A white and brown dog is walking through the water with difficulty
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head in a grass field
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
come up, as of a liquid.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
amount of time that something is postponed
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk
A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp
(Literally) sound with resonance.
A woman leading a white horse.
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
There is no woman putting meat in a pan
a brown and white dog swimming in water
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
make or become longer
Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.
bring two objects, ideas, or people together.
A small black and white dog is biting a stick and is swimming
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
the act of stopping something.
A dog is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
the act of putting something in a certain place.
notable or famous persons (real or fictional)
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
The woman is peeling a potato
A person is dancing on the ceiling
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
A few animals are playing in the water
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
A woman with a ponytail is climbing down a wall of rock
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
The turtle isn't following the fish
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
The children aren't playing in front of a large door
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
A man is tanking on a stage in front of a crowd
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).
The kid is sliding in the snow
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
A woman is gracefully dancing on a stage
The white dog is running in the green grass.
Makeup is being put on the man by the woman
the territory occupied by a nation.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
A boy in blue is running towards a woman in blue
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
two girls walking in the street
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
A tree is being picked up by a man
the act of enumerating or tallying a total
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
A train parked at a train station.
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
The little dog is dropping the bedroom slipper from its mouth
to lecture formally to an audience
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.
A woman is slicing potatoes
throw with force
A man is doing exercise
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cell phone
A cat is eating some corn
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
One white dog is staring at the black street
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.
The black and white dog is running and a person stands behind it
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
The train sits at the train station.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view
A small child slides down a purple slide.
become aware of through the senses
Two dogs are playing together on the grass
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
a name given to a product or service.
A little girl is missing a baseball on a tee
informal terms referring to a domestic cat.
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
A cat is stuck on a moving ceiling fan
An onion is being sliced by a woman
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
A young child is standing in front of some trees
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of beer
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
pass into a specified state or condition.
concentrate on a particular place or spot.
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
Kids play in the water
There is no woman deep frying food
A man is chopping an onion
A woman is slicing an octopus
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
Cars racing on a dirt track
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
Football players are on the field.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg
carry out or complete an activity
Three children are running down hill
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on a rocky surface
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
A man is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
A couple is not looking at a map
A young black child is standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
There is no woman slicing a tomato
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
A man is pouring a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
A married couple is walking down the aisle
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
The back of a small black dog is being sniffed by the brown dog
A dog digging in the sand.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
A dog playing in the snow.
A woman is putting a baby in a waste bin
A photographer is being surrounded by men
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value
do better in a competition; win
The drums are being played by a man
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
A child is indoors watching a program about some young climbers on a rock wall.
a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical
two woman sit on a park bench.
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
Provide with rails, as by laying.
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
take something or someone away from somewhere
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
A woman is looking at the view of a city
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen, Ezzell said.
A toy train is hitting a toy car
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.
The person is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
The fish are immobile
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are running through snowy terrain
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
There is no woman playing a guitar
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
make or become harder
take in (mentally or physically)
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
the rotating motion of an object
The dog plays in the park.
Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
A bicycle is being ridden by the little boy in a race
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
A tan dog is running through the snow
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress
Someone is making a hole in a strip of wood with a drill
register formally as a participant or member.
A man is jumping onto a wall which is low
A black dog digs in the snow.
A woman is standing with a pair of dogs
A brown dog is running in a field.
decide a specific time for an event
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.
A group of children in a church basement is playing guitars and tambourines
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing near two men who are seated on a park bench
The man and woman are not walking
Some men are resting
A band is performing on a stage
Give suck to; receive suck.
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen
A man is cooking a snake
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
move about in a confused manner.
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
A man is playing the instrument
We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
an opinion formed by judging something.
the act of annoying someone or something
The woman is putting makeup on the man
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.
A black bird is taking flight from a dead tree
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
A child rides a bike high in the air.
A boy is shredding a calendar
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
The men are not climbing a mountain
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
Produce a phonemic click.
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on the shore
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.
Some people are walking
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
The seagull is floating on the water.
An airplane is flying through the air
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
a unit cost of something
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
exercise, or have the power of, memory.
Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.
an unofficial association of people or groups.
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
overcome with astonishment or disbelief
government income due to taxation.
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
A tree is falling over a bridge made over the river which a dog is crossing
A woman is washing her feet
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
Three men and a woman are posing for a picture
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
presentation of a musical theme
Two young kids are eating corndogs
South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
The act of beginning something new.
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
A woman is walking in a city street
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
A white dog runs on a beach.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel
A guy is mowing the lawn
provide with a toggle or toggles.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the sofa
A man is riding a scooter
Become pregnant.
a sudden emotional vocalization
unite or merge with something already in existence.
a pointed instrument for writing, stylus
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
the act of planning or deliberating
a jockey riding a horse.
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.
A cyclist on a yellow bike is airborne
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
say, state, or perform again
Two kids are doing martial arts on a blue mat
move in a group or flock
The men are putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
fetching something from a source
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera
A man is singing
There is no woman playing the violin
A black dog is jumping on a dock into a pond
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California, Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
Four people are floating on a raft
Different teams are resting on a field
People are walking through a crowded street
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
a way or means to achieve something.
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
There is no man playing guitar next to a drummer
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
Two children are hanging on a large branch
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
A man is untying a shoe
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
A woman is putting on makeup carefully
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
the spatial, geometric contour of an object
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
behave in a certain way.
A black and white dog running in a snowy park.
remove from a position or office.
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
Skewers are being placed onto a rack by a woman
There is no lady peeling the potato
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
A father is launching the daughter in a swimming pool
The dog is playing in the water.
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.
Two cows graze in a field.
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
a group of nations having common interests.
A brown and white dog is passing under a red, yellow and white hurdle
There is no window being cleaned by a man
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
There is no dog crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
The child is playing with toys outdoors
an established line of travel or access.
A man is playing an instrument
submit, send to
a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
the greatest possible degree of something.
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
Three dogs run in the snow.
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
A dog with a blue muzzle is running around the yard with a jacket
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
the price of a good or service
damage the reputation of.
Soak up (as if) with a sponge.
(cause to) move around
A child in a red outfit is dangerously jumping on a trampoline
the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment
A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
approach a certain age or speed.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
A chimp is practicing martial arts
state of being unclothed, naked
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
A baby is not playing a guitar
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
consider as part of something.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
A man is opening a door
Roller blades sliding on a railing.
make a request or demand for something to somebody.
give up right or possession to another
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, looks surprised
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
A woman is showing a small dog to an infant
A man is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
A man in a red uniform is racing and making a jump over a bike in the dirt
feel hot or painful.
The dog in the dyed red vest is running in the field
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with a spoon
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
do lacework.
A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
A cow is eating hay
act against or in opposition to.
move from one location to another
Sign language is being used by a young girl
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
A dog is sitting on the ground
the act of apportioning or distributing something.
A man on a bike is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
a man doing a trick on skateboard
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
Two dogs are running through the beach
reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech
Three dogs are in the snow.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
vary or move from a fixed point or course.
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Two dogs playing on grass.
A boy is whacking a man with a sword
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese â€” roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
a state of social order in conformance with existing law
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
People are paddling near a raft that is being ridden
A dog which is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
There is no dog barking at a ball
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man
There is no snowboarder doing a flip over a mound of snow
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.
someone who controls resources and expenditures.
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods
make a ticking sound
A dog is playing alone on a beach covered by snow
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
create a new entity by putting components or members together
A person is driving the white car
a demanding or stimulating situation.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
There is no cold cyclist celebrating
Two young girls are sitting on the ground
Many cheerleaders are walking in a parade
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over the rest of his family 
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
provide (a person or group) with power or authority
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
Mimes are performing on a stage
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
Leave to someone after one's death.
the act of pressing together firmly
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino
The man is denying an interview
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
Fool or hoax (someone).
A group of dogs racing.
A woman who is taking off a pink boa is stopping her bicycle on a bridge built for pedestrians
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
make a mess of or create disorder in.
A child is playing slip and slide in the grass
Someone is folding a piece of paper
A man is playing a trumpet
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
A little black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
partake in a feast or banquet.
Some instruments are being played by a band
Three men are looking into the distance
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
a verbal or written request for access to something.
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
Rugby players are not tackling each other
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
observe with care or pay close attention to.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
manage, handle, or control something
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
act or do something in reaction to something
A group of scouts are camping in the grass
the act of appraising, critiquing something
being in a protected state or condition
assign to a particular task
The man is riding a horse
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
A dog is barking noisily
read or conform to the metrical pattern of
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
A tan dog leaps into the water.
The man is not talking on the phone
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a face which looks funny
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
A bubble blew, dyeing the girl's shirt red.
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it's tongue hanging out.
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
Two cars are racing down the track
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
Some oil is being poured on the tomatoes by the man
Several people are sitting at little tables in a darkened room
an exclusive group of people.
The woman is putting make-up on
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
There is no girl wearing a t-shirt and keeping her mouth open
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is biting a bucket
The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
A chef is cleaning a bowl of soup
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.
Three dogs swim in the water.
A blonde lady is looking at a tower
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
possibility for the future
an energetic attempt to achieve something.
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
There is no baby tiger playing with a ball
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal
The man is drawing a gun
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman that is who along a road
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature
Boy laying on couch with dog.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
White dog outside with two people in background.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.
A man is screwing a piece of wood to a wall
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
make or become more narrow or restricted.
Two groups of people are playing football
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a funny face
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
the act of coming to land after a voyage.
the act of putting something to use.
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of the standing biker
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
return to an original state.
cover with wooden boards; secure
save from an experience, action or harm
An animal is running in circles
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
the armed forces
make colder, or icy, using ice
A woman is walking with a pair of dogs
The man is thinking
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
give a neat appearance to, neaten
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.
A soccer player is scoring a goal
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding a unicycle in the street
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
an offer of marriage.
The girl is spraying the plants with water
A small bird eating from the feeder.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car
A white dog runs on the sand.
Child holding an object that is on fire.
A boy in his teens isn't talking to a girl with a webcam
A blond kid in green is sitting on a swing
There is no Asian woman holding a fur scarf
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field.
It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
move to a new location, state, or situation
the act of clipping or snipping.
Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
The man is cooking slices of potato
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
A man is shooting guns
Two children are crouching under some metal bars
A woman is marching with a pair of dogs
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
sharpen with a strap.
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
The person is flying through the air on a bicycle
A man on a green bike is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument
A dog is jumping into the water.
the act of throwing a baseball
Part, cease, or break association with (something).
the act of people having sex
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a fence made of metal
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
The violin is being played by a woman
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
the act of sucking.
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
A man and a young boy are jumping off of a yellow kayak
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
No onion is being cut by a man
Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.
A white bike and a yellow bike are racing down the track
A dog is running on a snowy road
Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.
A concentrated woman is playing flute
cause to come out in a squirt.
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
The people are running at a carnival
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud, prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
A group of friends are riding the current in a raft
A white dog is running across a grassy field.
Some people are sitting on a low cement ledge
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
use up (resources or materials).
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
The loud man is not allowed to play the guitar
A brown horse in a green field.
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
the act of hitting vigorously.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said.
A horse with no rider is falling over a hurdle
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
There is no man cutting an onion
a natural growth of plants, usually trees
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A yellow flower is being clung to by a bee
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing
use up the whole supply of.
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to the left
The kitten is not playing with a toy
A football player kicks the ball.
The player is dunking the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A boy is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
give or convey physically.
any tall, vertical shape
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
a force that is a branch of the armed forces.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on table
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
There is no dog chasing a ball in the grass
fasten by passing a rope through or around something
The men are performing on stage
A guitar is being played by a woman
the act of rejecting something.
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
The bunch of men are playing with the mud on a rugby field
Some dogs are playing in a river
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
A cowgirl is riding a horse and corners a barrel
A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a shop
Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.
Four children on stools in a diner.
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).
The lady is dancing
intuitions, a hunch or feeling
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.
A brown dog is jumping in the water
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
A small black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.
There is no man pouring liquid into a pot
A black dog running on a beach.
A man is playing keyboards
Medicines
This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
the upper part of anything.
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
A skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.
A dog running on the grass
A dog running through snow.
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
A brown dog is running though a river.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
overflow with a certain feeling.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.
The young man is not rock climbing
two puppies playing around in the grass
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
employ or become employed in a position
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
Two children are peering over a rusty ledge
Some women are talking
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
a quantity that is twice as great as another.
People are far from a beach full of sand by the ocean and are suffering from the sunny day
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
observe or plot the moving path of something.
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
The man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
A man on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only
A brown dog running.
Touch with the lips.
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
The man is playing with a skull
The kids ride a boat in the water.
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
a dog runs across the path.
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in a pen
The dog is biting some droplets of water
the act of putting something in working order again.
The camera man is nailing a hammer to the wall
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
A couple walking down the street.
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork
Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness, Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
a usually brief attempt.
The piano is being played by someone
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in a parade
An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
A child is holding a squirt gun
A motorcyclist with a red helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
The baby is being put into a trash can by a woman
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
A man and a woman are walking together through wooded areas
a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.
indicate, be signs or symptoms of
A dog of large size is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
A black dog retrieves a bird.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
The man is speaking on the telephone
An empty office cubicle.
two people who are married to each other.
A young girl is standing still
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
A man is running in a field
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.
a bundle (especially one carried on the back).
A dog running through the woods.
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
A white man is staging a hat and a playing guitar
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair
A dog running in the grass.
There is no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
A group of people ride in a race
A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a dirty road
give a neat appearance to.
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
A man is on a ship in front of the sunset
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
An egg is being cracked into a bowl by a woman
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.
Women pointing at a geyser.
give something useful or necessary to.
A woman is dancing
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.
Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a brown dog in the grass
A white car is being driven by the man
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a band
A woman is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
give an interpretation or rendition of.
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
A little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
A light brown dog is running up a street
Hay is being eaten by a cow
The man isn't talking on the telephone
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
A tennis player with a green headband is missing the ball
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
cause friction; wear away or erode
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
a portion removed from the whole.
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
Two dogs are battling for a frisbee in a lake
A woman is jumping with a bicycle
The person is trotting on the horse
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is pitifully begging for money
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
advance or set forth in court.
(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
Saturate or inocculate with a substance.
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near the water
A woman by a brick wall is wearing a mask around her mouth and a hair net
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
The surfer is riding a small wave
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
A child with a gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys
A dad is launching his daughter into a swimming pool
Several people are sitting at small tables in a darkened room
A dog is dropping a can
Paper and scissors both cut
A group of people is on a beach
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
Move oneself very fast.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey
A cold cyclist is celebrating
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
The boy is not cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
Three greyhounds racing on a track
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
a group of young men sing out together.
The man is not kick boxing with a trainer
A dog is running on the ground
A shirtless man is jumping over a log
a dog pounces on the grass.
The girl is trotting on the horse
The Jockeys are riding horses on the field, which is completely green
There is no girl with black and orange patches on the cheeks
A dog jogs through the grass.
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
The man is clumsily kick boxing with a trainer
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the rollerblades
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
A woman poses with a baby.
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
The cow is grazing in a field.
The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing arm floats
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves
A brown dog squating on grass.
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
People is standing against a wall
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
Two men are leaving the stage
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
People walk along on the street.
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
Three friends are making faces for a photo
A man on a bike in mid-air
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
There is no woman slicing meat with a knife
There is no young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
A child is waking up
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
Nobody is cooking okra in a pan
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
There is no man squatting in brush and taking a photograph
A man is riding a kayak through water.
A man is singing to a girl
A shirtless man is playing football on a lawn
the act of decreasing or reducing something.
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
There is no dog running with a volleyball
A hamster is singing
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
There is no man slicing some bread
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl
cause to be alert or energetic
The kids are chasing each other in the sand
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
A boy is playing a guitar
The person is carefully slicing a potato
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
The bicycle is being ridden by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail
incorporate or enclose one thing in another
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.
A woman is breaking eggs
the act of breaking something.
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
a store or supply of something
take up someone's soul into heaven.
a general trait or characteristic of something
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
the quality of being useful for something
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
A kitten is getting bored
a vehicle race on public roads
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
The woman is cleaning a shrimp
A man is not dancing
A blond kid is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface
A group of people standing in the street
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
Two people are stopping on a motorcycle
The man is a guitar player
Some kids play in a field.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.
A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
the black dog carries an object in the snow.
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.
There is no man playing a violin
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees
A man and a woman are having a conversation
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
someone who cleans soot from chimneys.
the act of admitting someone to enter.
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
A sheep standing in a forest.
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
A lion is slowly moving around
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
A person is not frying meat in a pan
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party
A man is cutting a paper plate
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
A young girl is looking at a woman in costume
No motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money, Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
A woman is standing at the beach with an animal on a leash
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room
A man and a woman are standing still in the woods
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
Some dogs are playing in a stream
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
There is no woman cleaning a shrimp
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
become pregnant; undergo conception.
Three young women standing in a room together.
A man is cutting a tomato
A woman is slicing a potato
A man is walking along a path through a wilderness
A kitten is drinking fresh milk
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
A man is walking along a track through a wilderness
The group of Asian girls are standing together
the first part or section of something.
Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
Woolly sheep at auction house.
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her
The woman is holding a whole tomato
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern
A dog and a black man are running through brown leaves
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement
pass into a state or condition
become long or longer.
Someone is dirtying an animal
shine brightly, like a star or a light.
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
A man dressed in black is riding a bike
The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl
the state of being in contact
a group of people appointed to a committee
A group of people are dancing
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.
A woman is parking a Seadoo
A black and white dog is running outdoors
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
A woman is playing with two young boys at a park
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
A man is riding a rodeo bull
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory.
people go up the escalator.
Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.
A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching
The man is kicking a boxing trainer
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.
Two animals are running through high grass
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
An onion is being sliced
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
a cause or source of harm
A man in a small city is doing charity work
a detention center for prisoners or drunks
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
The man is training
A yellow dog is running down a path covered by sand
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.
a dog jumps into the water.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
give something for a cause
accounting period of 12 months
move back and forth or sideways.
A man is coming down a rope
The group of people is not sitting in a dim room
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
Two people wearing helmets are riding over the yellow and white flowers
A boy in a blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face
The monkey is brushing the dog
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.
Two people are in bed.
Dalmation running along the beach.
Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
A skateboarder is jumping in the air
cause to move by pulling.
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
A man is lazing
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
A woman waves as she rides a zip line.
clear mucus from one's throat
cause to be/show to be invalid
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
The man is dipping into a swamp
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
Two cats are playfully fighting each other
recover posession or get back again
interfere in someone else's activity.
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin
a brief statement.
Put on cream, as on one's face or body.
A horse is running
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping out of a blue kiddies pool
the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
a citizen of ancient Troy
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
get involved with or mixed up
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
to become aware of through the senses.
Football players are stretching together.
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
A surfer is riding a wave.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
(cause to) survive
keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something
There is no hiker dancing on top of the mountain
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
A woman, who is old, is far from a white dog
run or move very quickly or hastily.
A woman is riding a horse
Nobody is pouring ingredients into a pot
A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk
anything with the form of a thin strip
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
The man is playing a piano
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
A person is removing the butter from a tray
The elephant isn't being ridden by the woman
a stronghold.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
A black bike rider in a red bike uniform is standing in the dirt
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.
A child is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object
A big fish is catching a man
A man on a bicycle is riding on the beach
Three children playing on the floor.
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
A child and parent pet a horse.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
A man is participating in a bmx race
A baby is laughing
The meat is not being dropped into a pan
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
The boy is riding a tricycle
A woman in riding a brown horse.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
move or execute very quickly or hastily
Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
An organization that sponsors a large public event
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
A small boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
A football player is wearing black armbands
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
The man is seasoning the sausages
the act of changing one thing for another thing.
Four dogs are not playing in a grassy area
A man is passionately playing a guitar
an actor who plays a principal role.
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning
a single serving of a beverage.
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
The man is hurling knives at a tree
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the hand
someone who plays a principal role
There is no person buttering a tray
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
A woman is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
A man is hanging up the phone
The man isn't intensely playing the guitar
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
a party of people assembled for dancing.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
A man is petting two dogs
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
There is no man praying
An American footballer is wearing the red and white strip
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
study intensively, as before an exam.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
a group of old men walking down the street
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.
A black dog lies on the grass.
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
The man is hammering a nail with a camera
A flute is being played by a girl
There is no one climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow
A group of people having a meal outside.
The woman isn't stirring eggs in a bowl
Two females jump off of swings.
A man by a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net
the consequence or aftermath of something
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
approach with an offer of sexual favors.
A horse is leaping a hurdle and has a rider on its back
A chef is preparing some food
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
a person who conveys (carries or transmits).
The woman is cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
personnel casualty
limit in quality or quantity.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
Two cows standing in a large field.
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
The man is jumping into the water.
Two people are walking by the ocean.
a man dressed in a batman costume.
A happy baby is laughing
The dog is playing with a plastic container
A girl is riding a horse
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
A woman is exercising
a woman with a viking hat on.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
A man is playing with water
Three enemies are making faces for the camera
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
There is no kid playing guitar
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
Racers are running down a track
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
Three dogs running in a field of grass.
warn or call to a sense of preparedness
alternative names for the body of a human being.
A cyclist is performing a jump on a bicycle
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
A man is naked and standing still
Two people in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone
The piece of paper is not being cut
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
write as if with print, not in cursive
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung
The man is eating cereal
A dog with a blue collar is not playing with the ball outside
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
A little girl is playing the piano
A bride with a white dress is looking down
the act of motivating; providing incentive.
rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
A group of women is playing with a ball on the beach
The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella
No people is sitting around a fire at night
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
like better; value more highly.
A man is cleaning the sink
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
A girl wading through water in a lake.
A girl sliding down a pole
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
Two women walking down the street
A man is escaping a rising swamp
Two white dogs are running together.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
A cat with a white coat, perched on a small wooden cabinet, is looking outside the window
A skier skiing down a large mountain
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
move in such a way as to avoid
A skier dressed in black is catching a tiny bit of air
The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
the motion of one object relative to another.
an unforeseen development.
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide
the event of proposing or volunteering something
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
manipulate the registers of an organ.
a concern or affair
A white and brown dog is pacing through the water with difficulty
There is no little girl peddling a scooter
an agent's act of terminating an activity or event
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
The woman is poking holes in the potato
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a coat dyed in blue
A woman is riding a water scooter
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
Somebody is boiling okra in a pot
the physical position of something.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
The baby is not laughing and crawling
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a rainy day
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.
A woman is ignoring a man
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.
A young boy plays in the water fountain.
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
The men are climbing a mountain
A man and a woman are walking down the street of a city
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
A man is standing on a black jeep on a dirt hill
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
A dog is playing in the green field
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
A woman is slicing an onion
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
A small cat is lying on a bed
A woman is playing with a brown dog on a garden path
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
the act of colliding with something.
A man with a white headband playing drums.
A banana is being eaten by a man
a prediction of the course of a disease.
confine as if in a prison.
Two trains are traveling on the track.
A woman in a shirt dyed in black is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag
A woman does a handstand on the beach.
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
A parrot is speaking
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
There is no woman cutting a potato
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
Nobody is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
The person in the blue jacket is putting down a colorful helmet
There is no butter being added to the stand mixer
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
A man is dancing on a roof 
the rate of some repeating event.
A panda bear is eating some bamboo
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
A young child is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
A small group of people is waiting to eat in a restaurant
Two men are racing in a tire rolling competition
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.
a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading
The dog is running in the grass.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.
cook on a hot surface using fat.
turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.
a computer server
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.
Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.
A brown dog is running in the grass.
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
A family is watching a little boy who is missing a baseball
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
The lion is pacing tiredly in the pen
A black dog and a tan dog are fighting
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.
A woman plays with a brown dog.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
something with no concrete substance.
A woman is cooking eggs
Three dogs playing in the snow.
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution
add cream to one's coffee, for example.
run around the rim of.
A bike jumps through the air.
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
The man is riding a bull which is mechanical
There is no man shooting a shotgun
carry as a backpack, go backpacking
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of a lady 
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
a person who memorizes or learns quickly
The intense man is a guitar player
The boy is sitting near the blue ocean
Two brown dogs play in the water.
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.
be affected with smut or mildew
a message refusing to accept something that is offered.
There is no blonde lady looking at a tower
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
A girl is skateboarding on a half pipe
There is no woman dancing and singing in the rain
A large white dog is jumping in the air over an area covered by snow
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.
Bread is being sliced by the man
Runners are racing down a track
Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a paved road
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
Look furtively at something.
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
The young boy is running through the ocean waves
hunt for hawks
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
A woman is being kissed by a man
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
A brown dog is standing in a lake
One small child is drinking water from the cup
The muscular white man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
storage cabinet furniture
A tan puppy being petted.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
A woman is using a machine made for sewing
The man is going into the water.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
A black dog is hanging out in the grass and running with its tongue out
Two white cows in a green pasture.
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
A dog jumps of a surfboard
supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
A boy is spanking a man with a plastic sword
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of the brown chair onto the floor
actors in a play
behave in a certain manner.
urge with or as if with a goad.
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in the sand
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
A man is slicing an onion
A woman is picking a can
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).
A boy is walking across a bridge
A woman who is wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle down a bridge built for pedestrians
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
take someone's soul into heaven
A man is mixing the content of a bowl
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.
Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism, Mr Howard said.
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking
A kid wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
take away a vital or essential part of.
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
increase in extent or intensity.
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
A woman on a motorcycle is going around a corner
Some food is being fried by a woman
The men are acting on a stage
a competitor thought likely to win.
the opening page of a web site.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
catch fire.
A golden dog is running through the snow.
A father is pushing his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is watching
A man is playing flute
A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
A little girl is hitting a ball off a tee
connect with; reach a target or goal
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
A man is playing soccer
A bike is ridden on the road by a young boy in a helmet 
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
Make marks in the surface of.
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
Preserve in a tin or jar.
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
festive social event, celebration
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
endure or experience a painful event
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
Two women are not dancing
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
A dog runs through sand.
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him
A man is shooting a weapon
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution, she said.
A man is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
A dog is sleeping on a beach covered by snow
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
Someone is stirring chili in a pot
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
A feeling or state of extreme anger.
One person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
The people are standing at a carnival
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
A stuntman on a bike is in the air near a body of water
A group of people is equipped with protective gear
A little boy in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
A woman is sleeping
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.
A man is being curiously looked at by a woman
A man juggles at the beach.
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a small city
A man and a woman are walking down a city street
The people are sitting in a restaurant in front of the beach
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
cover with a protective sheathing.
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
put an end to.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
A girl jumping in the grass.
A man is speaking on a stage
A television with a show on.
The turtle is following the fish
Okra is being cooked in a pan
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
draw up an outline or sketch for something.
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
A surfer is surfing a small wave
There is no man exercising
Three people in a glass structure.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
A man is making a speech on a podium
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
A small shirtless boy is sliding into a green tube
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
The man is going into the lake
We are aware of the situation, said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
Two children jump on a trampoline.
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
A red sweatshirt with a smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace 
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
the set of elements common to two or more sets.
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers â€” perhaps before the 2004 elections.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
A man is removing some food from a box
A young woman dressed in black.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
an indication of something, evidence
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
Two cats are playing with a red ball
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket
A woman in a top which is purple is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
A man is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees
The black dog is running through the water.
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
the quality of being important and worthy of note.
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at the camera
A dog is jumping on a trees in the shades
(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers
A child is making a snow ball
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water
A person near an onion has a cut
Someone is falling off the horse
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
A woman is slicing an eggplant
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
Garlic is being diced by the woman
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
A brown dog running over grass.
money in the form of bills or coins.
the act of turning, rotating an object
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
remove substances from a liquid or solution
A man is playing the trumpet
The oil is being stirred by a man
A man is sharpening a weapon
Four people are walking on the beach
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for
Two women sitting on a bench by the water.
A toy train is violently striking a toy car
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along a river
something that serves to indicate or suggest.
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
A man is mowing grass
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A black dog is shaking off water.
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
suggest or prescribe a solution
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
suffer failure, as in some enterprise.
There is no white dog standing on the leaves on the ground
a woman's sleeveless undergarment.
Two dogs playing in grass.
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
The little girl is not swinging and the woman is not standing behind her
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
continue to live through hardship or adversity.
A man is putting down the flute
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
A man is riding a bicycle
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
The woman is not putting makeup on the man
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique
The land near a white bird is being watered swiftly
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
A brown and white dog is playing on the grass
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
a pair of people who live together.
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching
Someone is banging a camera lens against a nail
A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass
A woman is chopping an onion
Many people are skating in an ice park
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
A little brown dog is running on the grass.
A black animal is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar
the act of troubling or annoying someone.
owned territory of a sovereign government
A man is emptying a container made of plastic
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
An Asian woman is holding a fur scarf
refrain from doing something.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
The surfer is leaning on a surfboard
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
A black dog running into the water.
decorative cover for a bed.
A policeman is sitting on a motorcycle
contain or have a specific wording or information
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
the activity of providing supplies
A man is carelessly dropping a frog
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork
A girl is playing the piano
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities
There is no dog playing in a field of brown grass
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
state of being unified
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the sea
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
A gray bird is flying over the water.
A few men are watching cricket
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.
(cause to) break up or cease to function
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.
Two dogs are shaking water off.
The man is slicing a potato
People sitting on acouch.
Two young children are eating corndogs
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
flow, as of liquids
the act of cutting off length, snipping off
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
A person is brushing a cat
A keyboard is being played by a person
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
the extreme endpoint of something
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves
A man is cutting a lemon
A dog is running through the white snow
accuse formally of a crime.
There is no man slicing potatoes
show submission or fear.
A man is stopping a horse
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is quickly running 
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
a work area for manufacturing or repair work
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
A guinea pig is eating a carrot
Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
A woman is buttering a piece of bread
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
A man on a bike nest to a river.
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
A white dog with a collar is running.
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around
The person is riding the horse
maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into a pan
The guitar is being played by a man
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
A dog plays in the snow.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
the act of chipping something.
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
the act of escaping physically.
The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background
A dog is playing in the deep snow.
A jockey riding a horse.
Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the groupâ€™s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
the act of adding one thing to another.
The woman is handling a frog
Two boxers are in the ring.
set forth as an introduction or preface
There is no young child splashing in the water
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
a rationale or reason for something
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods
cause to be immersed in
identify or pick out someone or something
The little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
A lean dog runs through green grass.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road
A small boy in a shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on the beach
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with a webcam
A deer jumps a fence.
The animal with big eyes is eating
a position given by its location to the side of an object.
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
The patient is helping the doctor
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
Four boys sit in the mud.
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.
A brown and black dog is running through the leaves
A man is removing the garlic from some slices of bread
Trains inside an indoor station.
Someone is drawing a person
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
The fur of a cat is being combed by a person
The dog in the red vest is not running in the field
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping on the ground
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
Three dogs are playing in the water.
An officer is talking to the recruits
administer or bestow, as in small portions.
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.
The woman is playing a guitar which is electric
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
A woman is putting some sticky goo in a bowl
Two men are fighting
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
behave or move in a certain manner
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing
A flute is being played by the man
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
A man is slicing a tomato
The lady is taking an egg out of a bowl
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
A woman is slicing tofu
A horse is being ridden by a woman
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
The girl is on a swing.
A woman is cutting onions
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
The women are divinely dancing outside
A group of horses grazing in a field.
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
A man is jumping rope outside
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water
The elderly person is waiting a lady on the sidewalk
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
A man is getting into a car in a garage
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
cover the front or surface of.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a clean wall
A baby rhino is walking around a pen with its mother
reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.
Someone is not reading the email
A man with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people is following her
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
have or be covered with bristles
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
The men are having a conversation
the speech act of objecting.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
A cat is stuck on a ceiling fan that is moving
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
A tiger is walking around a cage
A man is cutting a rope with a sword
There is no blond child holding a yellow bottle
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
A bee is clinging to a yellow flower
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
a soft pad placed under a saddle.
cause to grow thin or weak.
A group of kids is staring at a colorful structure
No dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
Two young women are sparring in a kickboxing fight
a group of surfers catching a wave
make a certain size or sort according to size
A man is performing a trick on a bike
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
There is no person on a bike jumping through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame
There is no man sprinkling cheese on the pizza
Two white puppies are playing near water
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
persuade or achieve acceptance
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
highly infectious viral disease
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
A football player in a purple jersey is running with the ball for a touchdown
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
There is no man in a pose being watched by another man
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving a toy
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth
The dog is catching a blue ball
The dog is having a rest in the park
The young boy is not running through the ocean waves
A large wet yellow dog is holding a toy
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.
The bride and the groom are arriving after the wedding
the act of choosing or selecting.
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.
A woman is frying meat
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.
A classroom is full of students
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by a cat
A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
Three children are running down a hillside covered by grass
meshed frame over windows and doors
The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
Some women are dancing
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
return to a former condition.
The cyclist isn't performing a trick in the air
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
A man and a woman are not eating
An old woman is wearing a rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
A group of football players running down the field.
draw a cross in the air over something
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
A man in a pose is being amusedly watched by another man
There is no bicyclist jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
The woman in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.
A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
It has outraged the membership, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
Young couple sitting on couch.
Funeral direction
A small animal is lying on the bed
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
The man is chopping the trunk of a tree with an axe
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter toy
A dog is standing on a mountain
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
Nobody is on a motorcycle and is standing on the seat
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
the state of having options, alternatives
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
The man is not seasoning the sausages
A group of children is playing tambourines
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
A person is performing a card trick
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
A fish is being sliced by a man
The person is hiking
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
A person is cleaning a pot of cooking oil
put into a certain place or abstract location.
come as a logical consequence, be inferred
A group of young women stand together.
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
The people are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky stream
Two dogs are in a grassy area.
A man is putting seasoning on a pizza
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks
A brown and black dog is looking upwards
A tiger is walking outside a cage
A person is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection
Doctors have speculated that the bodyâ€™s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Red double decker bus with hood open.
A pale dog runs down a path.
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
A woman is taking eggs out of a bowl
Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.
A brown dog runs near the water.
Couple with newborn baby.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
A bird flying in the air
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
the act of surrendering an asset
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
A man is idling on the floor
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
Two baby pandas are playing
A skier speeds through the snow.
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A woman is slicing a vegetable
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
A sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
an established linear path of travel
A group of children playing with props
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
One man is climbing the cliff with a rope
Two dogs in a stream.
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.
Four people are sitting on a low cement ledge
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
The dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone
the act of allowing, bestowing something
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
A brown dog is dropping a colored toy from its mouth
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
There is no person riding a bike
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
There is no person slicing a potato
A boy is running through the sea at the beach
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
a relative loss in price, value
form an impenetrable cover over.
A man is reading an email
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
(the content of) a communication.
have a disagreement or quarrel over something
a person who is a member of the senate
Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
collect discarded or refused material.
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
The man is typing on a machine used for stenography
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
bring to a certain spiritual state.
A person is frying some food
make something more diverse and varied.
cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
The baby is laughing and crawling
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
A man is dancing in the rain
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
A brown and white dog is not running through the river
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
A man is making a call on a cell phone
Two women are happily dancing
make up something artificial or untrue.
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
abrupt state of disbelief about something
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
Two boys are studying
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
A person is kicking a ball for a soccer game between somebody's feet
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
A man is skiing down a hill and jumping a red obstacle
A white dog runs into a lake.
The man is dancing
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent
Kids playing ball in the park.
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
The man is driving a car
There is no guy leaping into the air in a wooded area
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
giving a reference or citation of something
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
A group of people is on a mountain
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
A young girl is sitting in a swimsuit
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the soft snow
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
A man is buttering a piece of bread
feel the strong need to eat
A lady is cutting up some meat
The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water
A woman is pouring eggs into a pan
Take away a vital or essential part of          something.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
People are sitting around a bonfire at night
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
A boy is staring at a calendar
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of a bowl by a woman
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
bring in to consonance
A snowboarder goes down a ramp.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a plant
The woman is not dancing
provide a feast or banquet for.
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
Two women sheering a sheep.
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces
A person is removing eggs from a bowl
hand over or put in
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
become or cause to become obstructed
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a day full of sun
Two dog play in the snow.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
The white dog is running along the beach.
force to go away by blinking.
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
A man is flooring a sitting guitar player
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," JimÃ©nez said.
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in the water
A man is praying fervently
A racer in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
A fish is swimming
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
twist suddenly so as to sprain.
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.
An Arabic man is wearing a white hat
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke
turn on or around an axis or a center.
emphasize; draw attention to; underline
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
Gray cat looking out the window.
Two cats are looking at a window.
remove by pinching or snipping
A daughter is being pushed by her father on a go-kart and another girl is watching
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
a body of students who are taught together.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
The kid is swimming through the blue ocean
The American footballer is not wearing a red and white strip
decree, issue an order
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
A man is using a knife to open a box
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
make certain of the failure or destruction of.
Eggs are being boiled by a woman
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
come up, as of liquid or gas
Two men are standing in deep water
A camera is being hammered onto the nail by the man
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
A boy and a dog running on grass
A girl from Asia, in front of a window made of bricks, looks surprised
A tan dog is resting in the snow
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against a lamp post near to other people
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
There is no cat playing keyboards
A boy is eating a cupcake
A soccer player is kicking a ball into the goal
Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.
There is no person cutting an onion
A person is slicing an onion
A dog is running through some water.
A man is frying a tortilla
Four young men are exploding and a car is standing still behind them
A boy is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
A man and a woman are walking
A man on a motorcycle is not riding on one wheel
One man is descending a cliff with a rope
a section of a composition, textual or musical
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
Two young men are playing outside near a golden statue
Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers, writes Barrenas.
A black dog in the snow is leaping off the ground and catching a stick
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
Two brown dogs are leaving a frisbee in the water
demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling
Three women are dancing
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
The men are not playing soccer
A lemur is biting a person's finger
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
A man is walking in a yard
the act of pulling a load
A Seadoo is being ridden by a woman
A baby is splashing inside a blue paddling pool
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
something that floats on the surface of water.
An woman that is old is shaking hands with a man
Two kids and a woman are playing games at an arcade
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
the political head of city government
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
the state of being joined or united or linked.
The group of people is sitting on a ledge which is rocky and a scenic view is behind them
A man is cutting an onion
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
A large dog and a small dog is standing on the kitchen counter and investigate
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.
Some kids are playing on a playground
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
Small black dog running in grass
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
A man is squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
The woman is not cooking something
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
Red double decker bus driving down street.
Two dogs in snow.
A girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
The black dog is running on the grass.
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
a brief attempt at some endeavor
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
The man is granting an interview
Black bird standing on concrete.
A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
There is no man holding a sign and seeking money
give away something that is not needed
Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.
run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
There is no group of people standing together and looking at the camera
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
There is no man screaming
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
Two boys playing in water.
value a thing or course of action more highly than another
A dog swimming in a pond
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
give up what is not strictly needed.
make (a surface) shine.
retreat or move from a position, relocate
the disclosure of something secret.
The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
bind somebody or become bound emotionally
The people are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
A man is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
The military officer is shouting at the recruits
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
fall out of the pod or husk.
A man is chopping butter into a small container
An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
There is no man doing a card trick
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
incite some act of insubordination
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.
A group of football players is running in the field
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
A lemur is hanging on a rope
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
A man is abruptly falling off a horse on a track laid in the wild
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
A boy is holding a squirt gun
The state of being suspected.
A bicyclist is holding a bike over his head in a group of people
break up a solid, usually into a solution
The group of people is sitting in a dim room
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
A group of people is singing
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
the activity of protecting someone or something.
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end, said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
People are sitting against a wall
A black and white dog is playing with a broken volleyball
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
Someone is falling off a horse
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
make or be a summary
A woman is putting on lipstick
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
Nobody is playing on a trampoline
A black and white photo of an old train station.
The sun is not shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress
A person playing football is running past an official carrying a football
a member of a police force.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in the grass
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
Some people are playing cricket
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
An officer is talking to the soldiers
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.
There is no panda climbing
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
use resources or materials
The man isn't smearing butter on bread 
The play is about a happy boy playing the piano
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
Two dogs are playing in a pool.
Improve by pruning or polishing
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
measure the depth of a body of water
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
The lady isn't slicing up the meat
A person is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
the quality of not being useful or convenient.
equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.
A man is slicing a bun
A black dog is running through the snow.
Two people are driving a motorcycle
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
Four kids are doing backbends in the park
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside the building in the snow
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
physically inflate
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
A biker jumps an obstacles.
The person is not going into the water
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
Someone is putting away a keyboard
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
covering for a bed
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
the conclusion of a communication
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
A woman is cutting fruit
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near the children and one is kissing the gate
Make sure of.
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
Two buses parked on a street.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night
Three children are running up a grassy hillside
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.
A topless person with a back pack is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
A man is reloading a shotgun
The black and white dog is sitting on a green yard
a person who plants bombs.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
People are not walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
A large tennis ball is being used to teach a dog to run in the grass and catch it with its mouth
prepare for/put to action or use
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
hold or embrace in a tight grip
an aggregation of things or people
There is no dog in a colored coat running across the yard
A boat is sailing quietly over the water
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
The cat perched on the table isn't looking out the window
A blond child is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
conscious subjective emotion or desire
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
be worthy of or have a certain rating.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
contrast with equal weight or force.
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
A man climbs a snowy mountain.
A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
put under the control of the federal government
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
A woman is riding on an elephant
Two dogs playing together in the snow.
A white hat is being worn by a boy which is running on the beach
A small child is showing excitement on a swing set at the park
A woman is washing a big pepper
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
A man is cracking eggs
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
A tiger is strolling around
create something in the mind
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
A dog swims through the water.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
to make a great mental or physical effort
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto the ground
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
A little girl swimming in a pool.
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
The woman is playing an electric guitar
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes
A boy is being knocked into the water by the dog
They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.
Two men are taking a break from construction
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
A brown dog and a grey dog are fighting in the snow
disregard, fail to attend to
change toward something smaller or lower.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through, she said.
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
The men are fist fighting in a ring
a sudden outburst.
A man is being roped before a climb
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
A man jumping his dirt bike.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
A man is opening a package that contains headphones
A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open.
act of verbally informing
put in the mind of someone.
The little girl is riding a bicycle in a race
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a pond
A woman is showing a small cat to an infant
A sheep stands on a hillside.
A dog jumps through a hoop.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
A person is riding the bicycle on one wheel
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
A man is sitting in a field
It's a huge black eye, Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
the act of validating the authenticity of something
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
The friends are making faces for the camera
Young men are dancing in front of some people
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a white bike is catching up
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
The man is talking on the phone
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
Two dogs are playing inside
City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees, says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
ride on someone's shoulders or back.
attain success or reach a desired goal.
The soccer player is not kicking the ball between somebody's legs
The man isn't lifting weights
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
A woman is slicing a carrot
A man in a blue jumpsuit is courageously performing a wheelie on a motorcycle
A man is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
the people who dwell in a camp
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
A person is writing
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
the act of ending something.
open again or anew.
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
A snowboarder going over a ramp.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
A woman is coating a pork chop
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet.
A child swinging on a playground play set.
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
A little boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.
the intended meaning of a communication.
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
A brown and white cat is playing on the grass
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
a dog napping under a small table.
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
The brown dog is spotting a black dog and is playing in the dry grass
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
A boy is not playing a guitar
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A woman is standing at the beach with a dog on a leash
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman
Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red
A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book
Two children are stretching over some metal bars
A woman is chopping up an octopus
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
A young boy is singing and playing a guitar
take up or begin anew.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.
The cop is sitting on a police bicycle
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.
The man is lowering barbells
A few people are singing
A man in a purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has a man looking at a dog doing a funny face painted on it.
A dog is far from the red ball in the air
A woman is using a sewing machine
The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet shore at the edge of the water at the beach
A brown dog walks through snow.
Four people are sitting on a bridge over a body of water
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle
Two dogs playing on the shore.
A person without shirt is jumping high over the green grass
There is no man playing a piano
The brown dog is sniffing the back of a small black dog
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a crocodile float that is green
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
a dog plays in the snow.
provide or supply with water
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
The dogs play in the snow.
communicate with a hiss
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.
A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
There is no man playing a guitar on stage
The man is slicing some potatoes
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
flog or whip
A man is pointing at a silver sedan
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
Two women are competing in a tire rolling race
A sports uniform is being worn by a man who is running down the field
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
Four athletes are with a man in a crowded stadium
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
Four children are doing backbends in the park
something that is craved
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
A woman picking up a large rock.
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
free (from restraint), let loose
glare or strike with great intensity.
an arrangement scheme.
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a tattoo on the back
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.
the black and white dog is running through the ocean.
The teens are talking to a boy and a girl with a webcam
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
There is no dog chasing a ball
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.
the act of fastening things together.
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
A handstand is being performed by a man on the beach
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.
Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night.
A motorbike rider is running over a man 
Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
There is no monkey pulling a dog's tail
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
Someone is playing a piano
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a wall made of bricks and playing an instrument
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
A banana is being peeled by a person
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is stopping
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
a lid or top of a container
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
There is no parrot speaking
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
prove or corroborate
There is no man diving off a cliff
A middle eastern man is standing against a lamp post near to other people
Two dogs run on the beach.
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
a long, thin implement, usually made of wood
A group of girls on a beach.
A man is running on the road
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
A white dog is standing on it's hind legs with a ball in it's mouth.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
A bird soars with wings spread.
A girl with a black bag is on a crowded train
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
return to a prior state
A brown dog is running through the field.
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
Two men are doing a skit, which is very funny, with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
act of applying force
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
A young boy isn't climbing a wall made of rock
A woman is slicing garlic
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
A man is cutting a bun
A man is puking
show consideration for; take into account.
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
A herd of deer is crossing the street
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
loss of ability to function normally.
There is no baby being put into a trash can by a woman
A group of children is playing in the house and there is no man standing in the background
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is begging for money
A funny crowd of people is doing a skit of two boxing men
A man and a woman are standing on the curb
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
A man is singing and playing a guitar
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
A man is spanking a boy with a plastic sword
get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.
an onerous or difficult concern.
A man is playing baseball.
Black and white cows behind a fence.
A man in a big city is holding a sign and begging for money
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers.
A hockey player looks intently downward.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
incline from a vertical position
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.
A woman is not riding a horse
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
A lady in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
A dog running in the surf.
A man is not playing a guitar
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching
The man is fasting
An old woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
A woman is cutting a tomato
There is no puppy rolling
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
A white racing vehicle is driving through a puddle
protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions
A dog, which is black, and a white one are staring at each other in the street
hold, contain within
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
A man is slowly dancing on the road
A young girl is standing on one leg
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of a horse saddle
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
make fit for a specific purpose
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
the path followed by an object moving through space.
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
The man is eating potato slices
The interviewer is granting a break to the man
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.
A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood
A woman is not slicing garlic
Child milking a cow outside.
arrangement
Someone on a perch is looking at a small wooden cat that is on a white cabinet outside the window 
A woman is throwing a potato peel
A brown dog is sitting down
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
There is no girl with a black bag on a crowded train
Three boys are walking on rocks along a river
cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
A dog in the backyard is carrying black fur in a basket in its mouth.
Dough is being spread by a man
Two kids are pushing past a crocodile in an inflatable pool
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
The presentation is being watched by a classroom of students
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
Two dogs are looking up at a kitchen countertop
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
A nude lady is walking in front of a crowd in body paint
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
the cause or instigation of something
cause to move back and forth.
A man is tearing up the pictures of a lake
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
Man playing game in a store.
Two dogs run through a field.
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
opening shot in billiards or pool
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
The man is wildly dancing
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
A man is sitting on the beach
The person on the motorcycle is holding up an arm
A dog is leaping high in the air and another is watching
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
There is no woman cooking a breaded pork chop
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
express or utter with a hiss.
unite; merge with something already in existence
There is no boy filling a pitcher with water
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking
A cramped black train is on the bag of a girl
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass
People are singing and a clown is dancing
make a written note of something
People running away from seagulls on the beach.
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
The light brown dog is running up a street
A little girl on a kid swing.
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.
Boy feeding a sheep.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
the foremost part of something
The man is rock climbing
The man is eating a banana by a tree
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
send from one person or place to another.
A dog is looking around
A little dog is sprinting and the person who owns it is trying to catch it
Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud bangs
A black and tan dog is running through the low and green grass
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other children are playing in the background
A man is slicing a fish
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
make a mark or lines on a surface.
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
A man is wearing a hat which is hard and is dancing
Three Asian kids are dancing and a serious man is looking
A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
compress out of shape or into small pieces
indicate a decision or prediction
A man is slicing tomatoes
Somebody is playing the piano
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
the state of owing something (especially money).
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
Nobody is playing the guitar
A boy is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
throw quickly.
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline
the act of rending, tearing, ripping
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
A woman is taking two eggs out of a pot of water
A man is standing on a roof top and playing a violin
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth.
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color
A herd of deer is stopping at the street
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in the same fashion
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball
capital stock in a corporation
the act of putting something somewhere.
A woman is being caged for the dance
searching for or buying goods or services.
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
exist in a certain manner, mode, or style
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife
(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.
A white cat laying on an office chair.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
go back, restore, revive
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
The women are dancing outside
A black topless person is packing a pile of rocks and a front of clouds are in the background
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
A horse is being ridden by a guy
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
A black dog fetches a dead bird.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
There is no seated woman singing a song and playing the guitar
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive
dress in a certain manner.
A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.
lay with rails.
Different teams are playing football on a field
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by a horse
Three men are sitting together near woven walls
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan
make a clicking or ticking sound.
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.
A man is cutting a potato into pieces
A tan and white dog runs through water.
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
A person is reading the email
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.
A man is fixing a silencer to a gun
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
sound sharply or shrilly.
remove from a contest or race.
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.
the state of being retained
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day
A girl riding a brown horse.
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
overcome with amazement.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
A white dog running over a bridge.
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
A yellow dog is not drinking water from the faucet
A woman is surfing
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
Two black and white dogs running in a field.
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
There is no man playing a keyboard
There is no girl in white dancing
a dog sprints across the water.
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
A man in a hat is walking through a store
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpeted floor
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.
The young girl with a pink shirt is peacefully lying on the grass
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
engrave by means of dots and flicks.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
The young boy in the blue shirt is not jumping into the water
There is no woman chopping up an octopus
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
a partial denture
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
a sculpture of a human or animal
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
A black dog jumping into a lake.
the public submission of a legal record
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on the grass
a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset
Broccoli are being cut by a woman
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
A dog shakes off water
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it's teeth.
admit to testing or proof.
PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
A person is not stirring vegetables in a pot
hold or place in equilibrium
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
the crown of a flowering plant
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
There is no dog leaping in the air
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
A truck is quickly going up a hill
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
A black dog is playing with a brown dog on the sand
There is no child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.
travel in front of; go in advance of others.
enjoy, be fond of or approve
A boy running through surf on a beach.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
an extended area of land.
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
operating or traveling via a vehicle
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
provide or equip with furniture.
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
any accounting period of 12 months.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
A dog splashing in the water.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
A small kid is playing with a green toy dog on the grass
Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.
An opponent is tackling a soccer player
A child is falling asleep
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
Two men are doing a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
A man is jumping into a full pool
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
A man and woman blow bubbles.
Boy and girl running along the beach.
There is no woman tapping her fingers
take up, as of debts or payments.
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some boulders with water in the background
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
A woman is putting make-up on
A boy with face paint is running on a track.
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
A dog is running on the beach.
A shirtless man is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area.
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose
Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
A soaked dog is playing in the water.
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
A woman is chopping garlic
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
A fearful little boy is on the ground
the state of being employed
a problem, something wrong
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
Generally unwantedâ€”and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent â€”spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
An animal is rolling from side to side in a garden
Some children are jumping on a trampoline
change from one form or medium into another.
a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).
a stovetop, cooking appliance
The boy isn't playing in the mud
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
Two children hug one another.
A man is playing guitar
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a ball
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
Two brownish dogs are fighting.
A couple is looking at a street guide
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
A woman is dancing in a cage
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
adapt to a specified measurement.
register formally as a participant
the act of selecting or picking something
A large dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
A person in a blue colored jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
Something that provides advice.
add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)
recovery or preservation from loss or danger.
come back after being refused.
situate, position, come to rest
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
A man is climbing a rope
A young female is dancing
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits
to make ready, fit out
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
create an image or likeness of.
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
two dogs are running across a grassy path.
A person is coming out of the water
the event consisting of the start of something.
[provide with a new or different resting place
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.
A brown and white dog is running through the river
enter a realm, become involved with
Two persons are shaking hands
Our fundamental values haven't changed, Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating the route
A man is making a sketch
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.
The large brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt
A child is sitting in a toy car colored in red and yellow
give a thrashing to, beat
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
The man is setting up the camera and taking sunset pictures at the beach
Video games of two playing boys are on a couch
A man is repairing tiles with his hands
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
The piece of paper is being cut
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
There are no children playing on a statue
(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
Two dogs play in the snow
A woman is cleaning a man's face
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
A golden dog plays in the snow
A man is cutting a tree with an axe
There is no woman exercising
contribute to the progress or growth of.
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a busy street
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
A man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.
make invalid for use.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
A skier about to go down the mountain.
A person is riding a bike
a single chance or instance.
A baby is playing with a toy
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
A woman is not cutting shrimps
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
A girl is wearing sunglasses
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
A man in a batman suit running.
A bird sits in a tree.
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
create by putting components or members together.
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
A dog is running through a pond
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
Two dogs playing together on the grass.
advance or set forward in court
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress
A woman runs on the beach.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
travel along a zigzag path.
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
handle effectively.
Two people in two chairs are reading
This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace.
a unit of military aircraft.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
Some animals are playing wildly in the water
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
the natural progression or development of something
There is no man riding a motorcycle
A person is cooking some food
There is no biker jumping in the air
a person who is in charge.
Two kids and a man are playing games at an arcade
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
A squirrel is lying down
A man is spreading butter on a piece of bread which is big
The man is not riding a mechanical bull
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
beat severely with a whip or rod.
There is no man dancing
There is no man peeling an onion
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
put in a horizontal position.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
infer or believe to be the case
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object
The man is lifting weights
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
A dog shaking water off.
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping
the state of being actual or real.
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
There is no man speaking on a podium
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
a list of items to be consulted and marked off
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
an attempt to get something.
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider
A man is reading the email
A dog with a blanket dyed in blue is running through the grass
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
A man is ignoring a girl via an internet camera
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
move an implement through with a circular motion, mix
appear in a certain way.
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
Sniff at inquiringly.
There is no man walking in the rain
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine
A man is riding a water toy in the water
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
The doctor is not helping the patient
have in mind as a plan or purpose
Five black dogs run in a field.
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
A dog runs through the grass.
A snowboarder flies through the air.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth
The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
the trait of being well behaved.
A man is singing and walking down the road
The man is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
A man is slicing bread
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).
A person is putting meat into a skillet
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop
A small white car parked at the gas station.
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
a reproduction or physical representation of something
A motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a white motorcycle
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
A girl is playing on a swing.
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
Nobody is playing ping pong
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
A dog is herding a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.
A rabbit is playing with a stuffed bunny
A dog is running uphill
the state or fact of being an owner.
Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.
A girl in blue is sliding down a slide
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from a white, vertical rock.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
A child goes skiing.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
The man is cutting the tape on the box
immerse briefly into liquid or container
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
A black and white photo of a love seat.
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
spend time in prison
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers
The man is walking along a path through the wilderness
A guy is not riding a horse
computer text files
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
Two young children wearing sunglasses
A black dog is standing in shallow water
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks
A feeling for something that is desired intensely.
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow
A black dog splashes through greenish water.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
Two children in a field of red flowers.
a mental grasp or understanding of something
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate
A man jumps off a rock into the water
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
A young child holds a spoon to it's mouth while sitting in a chair.
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking a potato
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose
A few ferrets are climbing out of the cage
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
a mold for setting concrete.
A monkey is wading through a marsh
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
There is no man fitting a silencer to a pistol
A girl in a band is playing the flute
A brown and white cat is jumping on the sidewalk
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
become distinct and acquire a different character.
A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool
Two white dogs running in the snow.
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a male cheerleader
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
the hard upper part of the human nose
A close-up of a brown horse.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
There is no white race car driving through a puddle
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
A woman is cutting an onion
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
the act of giving a false appearance.
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
The woman is wearing glasses and a black headdress
something recalled to the mind.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
A young child slides down an orange slide.
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
A biker is wearing gear which is black
a sovereign regime and its assemblage
orient, be positioned
A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.
Paper is being cut with scissors
move forward by leaps and bounds.
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
propagation of waves back from a surface
A field of black faced sheep.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
Two boys are laying in the water close to the beach
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object
There is no cat swinging on a fan
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.
A multi-colored train on a track.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
learn by repetition.
the length of time of a temporary cessation
People are looking at some costumes gathered in the vicinity of the forest
A toy train is striking a toy car
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
A boat's sail is being reflected by the peaceful water
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
A man is disassembling the drum
employ or utilize, put into service
the state of being excluded.
start suddenly, as from fright.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
A boy is attentively looking at a calendar
Two men are playing ping pong
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
an appraisal of the value of something.
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
There is no man riding a mechanical bull
A lion is pacing tiredly in a pen
An old man with a grey beard is not riding a bike
What can I say to you? he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
Two kids splashing in the water.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
A small boy in a yellow shirt is laughing on the beach
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the beach which is sandy
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
A horse is being ridden by a man
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
They were tossed around like feathers, Gordon said.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A family is posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
A man is falling off a horse on a track and is laid in the wild
A woman with a ponytail is climbing a wall of rock
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow
The lady is slicing up the meat
A man is cutting a cord with a sword
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
regard with consideration or respect
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
The helmeted girl is perching on a bike
the act of flipping a coin.
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.
A person is kicking a soccer ball between their feet
make underscoring marks.
The potato isn't being peeled by a woman
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
the act of lifting something
decide upon or fix definitely.
turn on an axis; spin
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
Two men are hugging
take into one's family or group
give a structure to.
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing
make an incision or separation
The woman is eating
The lamb is looking at the camera.
A child playing on a playground play set.
Two dogs standing in a lake.
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
A dog is chasing a ball
Someone is typing
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the backyard
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
There is no man doing back flips on a trampoline
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
The person isn't slicing a vegetable
The tan dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
produce a click.
A dog running on the grass.
A woman is cutting meat
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme
The singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman
The guitar is being played by nobody
A man is riding a dirty horse on a blue road
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water
write all the required information
There is no brown duck with a green head flapping its wings in the water
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
Children play in a pile of snow.
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
The boy, who is young, is running through the ocean waves
The horse is being ridden by a man
The person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
The young girl with a pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on the grass
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
a boy plays in the fountains.
Two teams are competing in a baseball game
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
The act of moving in a hurried manner.
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
There is no child waking up
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
the quality of being significant.
an indication of some hidden activity.
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
A dog is running on the beach
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
cause to become alive again.
A brown dog is running in the snow
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside
(cause to) fall in drops
arrange or order by classes or categories.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
A woman in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.
be given to, come into the possession of
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.
A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan
A woman is cutting garlic
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
A man is jumping on a trampoline
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something
the act of reasoning, cogitation
the action of extending outwards
The person is boiling noodles
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
The dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
A boy is sitting in a room and playing a piano by lamp light
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
I'm still not red-hot favourite, Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
A woman is playing the drums
(construction) a layer of masonry.
take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.
A child is swimming on the water's surface in a pool
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
Two men are swimming in deep water
There is no person standing in a vast field of glacial ice
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
The hairy man is sitting on a train
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
People are walking outside a building that has many murals on it
People are riding two camels at the beach
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.
A man is climbing up a rope
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.
There is no man standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
the essence or gist of something
move or sway in a sinuous fashion
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
A ball is being chased by a dog on the grass
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
a physical protuberance, large or small
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
throw with force or recklessness.
A dog sleeping under a table.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street
talk in a tearful manner.
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
A lone biker is jumping in the air
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.
A ball is being caught by a dog in mid air
Bring back to life, return from the dead
reverse the winding or twisting of.
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
There is no man eating a pizza
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
A little boy is wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
A young boy jumping into a lake.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
Two children are rolling in muddy water
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.
A door is being opened by a man
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs
make a causal or logical connection; group together
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
A girl sits on a red play structure
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
a dog stands in the white snow.
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
The status of being champion.
A dog looking at the camera in snow.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
A brown dog is running breathlessly across the yard with a toy in its mouth
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
A boy on a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and a hat and has knees which are covered in snow
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
Someone is playing the guitar
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
There is no man fixing a silencer to a gun
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
The horse is leaping over the rider at the barrier
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
prevent the progress or free movement of.
The little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and is looking for a pencil
A man is putting some food in a box
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
The monkey is not brushing a bull dog
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
the act of suction
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on the green grass
Some old dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
raise to a higher energy level.
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
A young man is sitting on a bench
the general outward appearance of something.
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
A yellow cat is chasing a ball
A girl is speeding down a steep slide
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.
There is no man speaking on a stage
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
A man is speaking on a podium
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
have unlawful sex with a prostitute
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.
A woman is not cutting tofu
smell by inhaling through the nose
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
The woman is dancing
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said.
A few people are dancing
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
A man riding a white horse.
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
Someone is writing
(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Nobody is brushing a cat
room where work is done.
A motorcyclist without a helmet is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road
a visual representation of something.
A lady is standing near three children
make a logical or causal connection.
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
remove from memory or existence.
Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
A big brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
watery rot on produce caused by fungus
(Cause to) be covered with something.
Two dogs groom each other.
restrict or limit the range of
The children are wearing black tights and hopping
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something
Two men step off the bus together.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
feel hot or painful, as if burning
The girl with a helmet is perching on a bike
The man is intensely playing the guitar
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
clear mucus or food from one's throat.
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
the solid part of the earth's surface.
A young boy with a bib is watching the camera
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.
prevent from entering; keep out.
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
A potato is being sliced by a person
A woman is restraining the dog
A boy is filling a pitcher with water
A person is riding an old motorcycle
the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.
A black dog looking at the camera.
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
The white dog has a ball in its mouth.
A woman is seasoning a ham
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct
function in a particular manner when moving
build, make by combining materials or parts
The people are standing at a parade
The children are playing in front of a large door
The woman is cooking eggs
Four people are standing in thick snow and the sun is rising
A black and white dog is carrying a small stick on the green grass
Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
A man is showing off a small monkey
A dog walks through the snow.
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.
A dog is catching a ball
The girl is riding the horse
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing
a military aircraft that drops ordinance
A dog runs in the snow.
Three children playing in sand at beach
Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs
A young girl is using sign language
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
A bike is being ridden by a woman wearing paint and costume pieces on a busy street
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors
A dog is looking at a store counter
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
The man is putting chicken into the container
A brown dog is running through a snowy path
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across a field.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at night
There is no cat eating corn on the cob
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.
There is no family posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
Two dogs running down a beach.
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
One man is chatting with a girl with an internet camera
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.
an allotment or percentage of something
A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
A cow is not eating hay
a way of conceiving something.
A woman is brushing her feet
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
The woman is happily playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
tie or fasten into a knot.
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
A young couple is lying on a bed together
People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
cause to skip over a surface.
A boy is blowing bubbles
The woman is picking up a kangaroo that is little
the root or base form of a word
A small dog jumping over hurdles.
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
Several people are in front of a colorful building
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
A rocker is sitting with a t-shirt that has a man over a grey waterfall on the front
add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).
A man is massaging a woman
be in or establish communication with
People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
A dog is biting a doll
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
the amount that can be contained.
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
One woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and using a whisk made of wire
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
A black dog runs through the water.
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
A person is rinsing a steak with water
Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
The panda is eating bamboo
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
A toddler is sitting down
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.
A black dog runs through a muddy bank.
The violin is being played by a little girl on a beach
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
A man is shooting a shotgun
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
The woman is looking at the view of a city
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.
Two dogs are running through high grass
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the water and looking right at the camera
Two dogs play with purple football.
A large white crane is flying far above the water
A brown dog swimming in murky water.
A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
the soft padding under a saddle
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
Two dogs run through the grass.
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
compel to behave in a certain way.
narrate or give a detailed account of.
assimilate into the mind or a situation
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
Two daschunds are playing with a red ball
A young child is walking with a bike on a rough dirt path
An onion is being cut by a man
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.
take vows, as in religious order.
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
An exciting or stimulating experience.
A man is having lunch
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.
A man on inline skates is skating at a skate park
What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background.
Two men are standing near the water and are holding tools used for fishing
And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	I was in the water for about eight seconds.
Two black dogs in the snow.
A dog is running on the road
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.
An orange pepper is being diced up by a person
a person who is a member of a partnership.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
A person is eating at a table
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
This decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
The cat is licking a bottle
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is not looking
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
Three friends are making faces for the camera
Many people run in a race on a street.
A soda is being opened and drunk by a woman
coerce by violence or with threats.
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
One man is turning on the microwave
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity
give an incentive for action.
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
A girl is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
glare or strike with intensity
The man is pacing around a room
A woman is frying something in a pan
Two people in snowsuits are lying in the snow and making snow angels
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
Two dogs are running together outside.
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other
put up with something unpleasant
the time yet to come.
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
The woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner
create an edge or border
be against, resist
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
the act of becoming more distant.
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
A group of football players is standing still in the field
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree
There is no child holding a squirt gun
The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease, Manson said.
make less hostile; win over.
change the arrangement or position of.
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, said Silver.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is walking away from a man in a black shirt, who is serious
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion
The small dog protects its owner.
A girl dances on a stage.
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
A little boy is topless and is serious
A man is pouring a pot of cheese sauce into a shredded plate
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
The man is playing the flute
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
Three little children are sitting in the grass.
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
A group of people is not walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
A man dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
A person is eating a cut onion
Someone is being boiled with okra in a pot
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
A man in a white hat is touching a cardboard box
The woman and the man are travelling by automobile
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
Three men are lying on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind
The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A baby tiger is playing with a ball
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
A woman is putting two eggs into a pot of water
a tan dog swimming in some water
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog
The person is playing the guitar
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
give a performance (of something).
A person is lying on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
There is no person slicing an onion
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.
an address used for postal communication
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
utter in a certain way
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
a relatively long narrow piece of something.
A dog is emerging from a lake
A woman in a yellow dyed shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
There is no monkey kicking a person
A dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth
part; cease or break association with.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
Two construction workers are sitting up on the top of a building
having responsibility for managing or supervising
Two dogs are running in the field.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
Two football players are scrambling for the ball on the court
A large white dog is jumping up in the snow
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
The dog is having a rest in the living room
three dogs playing on a beach
cross on foot.
A young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
The lady is carefully slicing up the meat
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
A person is combing the fur of a cat
manner of handling, managing someone or something
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
A child is smashing a snow ball
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
A dog and a red ball in the air.
A climber is parking with the children by a small statue
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
A close-up of a horse.
the act of projecting out from something.
A person on a yellow bike is airborne
A large black and white cow in a field.
a judgement or opinion about something
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
The scuba diver is underwater.
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are running in the grass
There is no woman using a sewing machine
The herd of caribous is crossing a road quickly
The black dog plays in the snow.
demand, ask for, or take as one's due
mark or cover with or as if with dots
A woman is cracking some eggs outside a bowl
A lion is slowly walking
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
relative darkness or lightness of a color.
utter with force; utter vehemently.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
sheep standing in afield.
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan
The man is seasoning the meat
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them
Someone is banging the lens of a camera against a nail
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head on a lawn
A small man is sitting in a military accessories store
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
Someone is scratching the back of an animal
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
A man is standing in front of a wall
A man is running away from the soccer ball
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
A skier in black is catching a tiny bit of air
a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
There is no man standing near the water and holding fishing poles
A man is eating a banana
A man is slicing some bread
A person is not performing tricks on a motorcycle
A dog is missing the ball in mid air
A person is surfing a big wave.
A woman is not slicing an octopus
A plane flying near the sunset.
to bring or combine together or with something else.
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
a man and woman walking past a record shop
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
The young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
The doctors are healing a man
A woman is playing the trumpet
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near a golden statue
The flute is being played by the woman
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
The brown horse is far from a red barrel at the rodeo
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
A dog and cat laying down together.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across a street
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
A little boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
sniff or smell inquiringly.
thin metal strips used in typesetting
An onion is being sliced by a person
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
A person skis down a snowy hill.
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on the field, which is completely green
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
Nobody is fist fighting in a ring
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
A person is wearing grey pants on a snowboard
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
Two panda bears are lying together
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction